                     November 6, 2007 Tuesday 11:24 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE CRITICIZES DEMOCRATS FOR GIVING MEMBERS ONE DAY TO REVIEW 853-PAGE
LABOR-HHS CONFERENCE REPORT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized the Democratic Leadership for giving House Members one day to
sift through a massive 853-page Labor-HHS-Veterans Appropriations conference
report before voting on it.

"Many of us were critical of our own Republican Leadership is years past for not
waiting the required three days between filing a bill and voting on it, but this
is worse than anything we pulled," said Flake.

"This conference report wasn't even available to view until last night and now
we're being asked to vote on it today. We'll be finding out what's in this bill
for weeks to come."

A cursory look through the more than 150 pages of earmarks in the conference
report revealed earmarks like $400,000 for Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York
City, $750,000 to the LBJ Foundation in Austin, Texas, $350,000 to the Aerospace
Museum of California Foundation in McClellan, California, $300,000 American
Airpower Museum in Farmingdale, New York, $320,000 to the American Jazz Museum
in Kansas City, Missouri, $130,000 for the First Ladies Museum in Canton, Ohio,
and $85,000 to the Los Angeles Craft and Folk Art Museum in Los Angeles,
California.

The conference report also includes nine "airdropped" earmarks, which neither
the House nor Senate passed but ended up in the conference report. Among the
airdropped earmarks is $1,000,000 for the Thomas Daschle Center for Public
Service and Representative Democracy.

"Even a conservative estimate of the total number of earmarks in this bill is
above what either the House or the Senate passed. Rather than choosing between
House or Senate earmarks, it looks like the conferees just added the House and
Senate earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

