                     September 9, 2008 Tuesday 1:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: BRIDGE TO NOWHERE MAY HAVE BEEN KILLED, BUT MANY OTHER WASTEFUL PORK
PROJECTS LIVE ON

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today chided Congress for moving ahead with legislation to transfer $8 billion
from the general fund to the Highway Trust Fund.

SAFETEA-LU, the most recent transportation bill, contained over 6,000 earmarks
totaling over $24 billion. With elevated gas prices causing decreased demand,
fuel tax revenue to the Highway Trust Fund will not cover all of the earmarks
that Congress stuffed into the bill. Rather than rescinding earmarks, Congress
is moving ahead on a plan to transfer $8 billion from the general fund to pay
for all of the pork.

"While the Bridge to Nowhere got most of the attention, it was far from the only
boondoggle in the transportation bill," said Flake. "Instead of cutting the
projects Congress doesn't have money to pay for, we're casting fiscal
responsibility aside and taking money from the general fund to pay for our
pork."

Congressman Flake has authored the ROAD Act (H.R. 6534), which would help bridge
the Highway Trust Fund shortfall by rescinding unspent earmark funds within
SAFETEA-LU.

A Few Examples of Wasteful SAFETEA-LU Projects:

* $10 million for an interchange between I-75 and Coconut Road in Lee County,
Florida.

* $45 million for a "MagLev" train to carry passengers from Disneyland to Las
Vegas.

* $630 million total for four highway projects in Bakersfield, California,
including $140 million for the Bakersfield Beltway and $330 million for the
Centennial Corridor Loop.

* $16.8 million for a tunnel as part of the Bremerton Pedestrian Transportation
Center in Washington state.

* $3.232 million for a parking garage in a Chicago suburb.

* $3.5 million for pedestrian walkways and "streetscaping" in the Village of
Western Springs, Illinois.

* $1.6 million for a bike path in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin.

* $3.6 million for Independence National Park in Pennsylvania for scenic
enhancement and pedestrian walkways improvement in conjunction with the park's
Executive Mansion Exhibit.

* $2 million for an intermodal center at the Philadelphia Zoo.

* $1.6 million to complete the American Tobacco Trail in North Carolina.

* $800,000 for a Transportation and Heritage Museum in Townsend, Tennessee.

* $4 million for bike trails and park space in Calexico, California.

* $2.32 million for landscaping along the Ronald Reagan Freeway in California.

* $1 million for improvements to access roads at the "Please Touch Museum" in
Philadelphia.

* $1.2 million for improvements to the Blue Ridge Music Center in Virginia.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

