
                               1 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   December 22, 2010 Wednesday 11:44 AM  EST

REP CONGRESSMAN FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS FINAL EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 150  words


ESA, Ariz., Dec. 22 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today for the last time highlighted an egregious pork project which is contained
in the energy and water appropriations bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 for the city of Winter Garden, Florida
for a weatherization demonstration project.

"I hope Congress will decide to permanently Flake out of the earmark process,"
said Flake.

Congressman Flake will announce the winner of the vote for the best bad pun and
corresponding egregious earmark on January 5, the first day of the 112th
Congress. To vote for your favorite pun and earmark, please visit
http://flake.house.gov. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      December 6, 2010 Monday 6:35 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SO JUST HOW BROKE ARE WE?

LENGTH: 244  words


WASHINGTON, Dec. 6 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today illustrated the size and scope of the growing national debt.

The U.S. government has halted production of its new, technologically advanced
$100 bills due to an issue with the presses that print U.S. money.

A Yahoo! Blog post states that the flawed bills cost approximately $120 million
to print and add up to $10 billion - more than 10-percent of our total money
supply. And because the flaw cannot be repaired, the bills will now have to be
burned. If we saved the quarantined bills from fiery doom and instead put them
to use in paying off our massive $13 trillion debt, the government would have to
goof up approximately 1,300 more times before our debt would be paid off.

"We've been figuratively burning money for years, but now we're literally
burning money?" said Flake.

Along with Senator McCain, Congressman Flake introduced the Debt Buy-Down Act,
which allows taxpayers to designate up to 10 percent of their federal income tax
liability to reduce the national debt. The bill then requires Congress to reduce
federal spending by that amount.

More information on the Debt Buy-Down Act can be found here.
(http://flake.house.gov/DebtBuyDownActof2010/) For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 30, 2010 Tuesday 6:04 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY SENATE VOTE TO REJECT EARMARK MORATORIUM

LENGTH: 165  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 30 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment with the Senate's decision to vote down an
earmark moratorium to extend throughout the next Congress.

With a 39-56 vote, the three-year appropriations earmark moratorium was
rejected, despite vigorous and growing support from both inside and outside the
Chamber.

"The Senate's vote is discouraging," said Flake. "Congress is driven to
distraction by earmarks and allowing the process of earmarking to continue will
only provide further interruption to what should be our top priority - returning
the federal government to solid fiscal ground."

"I know most members of the Senate weren't on the ballot this year, but I would
have hoped they still got the message." For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 29, 2010 Monday 12:11 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SO JUST HOW BROKE ARE WE?

LENGTH: 258  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 29 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today illustrated the size and scope of the growing national debt.

The late actor Leslie Nielsen did a great deal to make the movie "Airplane!" a
bona fide success. His deadpan humor contributed to the film's $83 million North
American gross in 1980, and helped it land the #10 spot on the American Film
Institute's "100 Years of Laughs" list.

More impressive still is the fact that the movie was made for a mere $3.5
million, garnering a profit of $79.5 million - nearly 2,271-percent pure gain.
The U.S. is so broke that even with 2,271-percent profit, our country would have
to make an investment of approximately $572 billion in order to pay down the $13
trillion we owe.

Seriously dedicated to paying down our nation's massive debt, Flake feels that
surely there are many ways to rein in out-of-control spending.

"I am serious," said Flake. "And don't call me Shirley."

Along with Senator McCain, Congressman Flake introduced the Debt Buy-Down Act,
which allows taxpayers to designate up to 10 percent of their federal income tax
liability to reduce the national debt. The bill then requires Congress to reduce
federal spending by that amount.

More information on the Debt Buy-Down Act can be found at
(http://flake.house.gov/DebtBuyDownActof2010/). For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 24, 2010 Wednesday 9:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SO JUST HOW BROKE ARE WE?

LENGTH: 215  words


ESA, Ariz., Nov. 23 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today illustrated the size and scope of the growing national debt.

This Thanksgiving American families will gather together to feast on classic
fare like mashed potatoes, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. Of course, no Turkey
Day would be complete without, well, turkey, which will cost an average of $1.68
per pound this year, according to the Labor Department.

The U.S. is so broke that, at the average cost of $1.68 per pound, it would take
a 3.8 billion ton turkey to pay down our gut-busting $13 trillion debt.

"If Congress continues to spend like that's a poultry sum, the voters are sure
to cry fowl," said Flake.

Along with Senator McCain, Congressman Flake introduced the Debt Buy-Down Act,
which allows taxpayers to designate up to 10 percent of their federal income tax
liability to reduce the national debt. The bill then requires Congress to reduce
federal spending by that amount.

More information on the Debt Buy-Down Act can be viewed at:
http://flake.house.gov/DebtBuyDownActof2010/ For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 19, 2010 Friday 12:42 PM  EST

CONGRESSMAN FLAKE APPLAUDS HOUSE REPUBLICAN CONFERENCE FOR EARMARK MORATORIUM

LENGTH: 142  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today congratulated the House Republican Conference for voting to continue the
earmark moratorium into the 112th Congress and extend it to the entire chamber.

"Earmarks have become symbolic of congressional excess," said Flake. "We're not
going to be able to balance the budget and reduce the debt by simply eliminating
earmarks, but it's a huge signal to taxpayers that Republicans are serious about
getting the federal government back on solid fiscal ground."

"With earmarks off the table, Republicans can now focus on making more
substantial cuts." For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 18, 2010 Thursday 11:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SO JUST HOW BROKE ARE WE?

LENGTH: 224  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today illustrated the size and scope of the growing national debt.

It was announced last week that former President Bill Clinton will be taking on
a cameo role in the upcoming movie, "The Hangover 2." As a sequel to the
hilarious "Hangover," the new movie is expected to rival the original in tickets
sales, especially given the star power of its cameo stars.

The U.S. is so broke, that based on the $277.3 million "The Hangover" grossed,
Hollywood would have to produce approximately 46,880 more Hangover movies in
order to pay down our nation's frightening $13 trillion debt.

"Hopefully, Congress' hangover after a spending binge is beginning to clear,"
said Flake.

Along with Senator McCain, Congressman Flake introduced the Debt Buy-Down Act,
which allows taxpayers to designate up to 10 percent of their federal income tax
liability to reduce the national debt. The bill then requires Congress to reduce
federal spending by that amount.

More information on the Debt Buy-Down Act can be viewed at:
http://flake.house.gov/DebtBuyDownActof2010/ For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 18, 2010 Thursday 11:47 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENDS SENATE REPUBLICAN LEADER MITCH MCCONNELL FOR ENDORSING AN
EARMARK BAN IN THE NEXT CONGRESS

LENGTH: 187  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell for his decision to
endorse an earmark moratorium in the Senate in the 112th Congress.

Minutes ago, McConnell announced his support for a ban on earmarks in the Senate
next year from the Senate Floor.

"I applaud Senator McConnell for supporting the Republican earmark moratorium
being pushed in the Senate by Senators DeMint and Coburn," said Flake. "Congress
should not have to waste an inordinate amount of time and resources on less than
2 percent of the federal budget, but instead be allowed to focus on the 98
percent we have ignored for years."

"I hope that the Republican Leaders in the Senate strictly enforce the will of
its conference. Republicans will have a difficult time being taken seriously if
some Republican senators are allowed to circumvent the ban." For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 31, 2010 Sunday 5:15 PM  EST

REP FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 110  words


WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Mesa, Arizona, - Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's
Sixth District, today highlighted a pork project contained in the agriculture
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $4,545,000 for wood utilization in Alaska, Idaho,
Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, North Carolina, Oregon,
Tennessee, and West Virginia.

"Earmarking is knot fiscally responsible," said Flake. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 24, 2010 Sunday 10:07 AM  EST

REP CONGRESSMAN FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 98  words


WASHINGTON, Oct. 23 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior and environment
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 for sea otter and Steller sea lion
education and conservation in Alaska.

"Congress otter seal the deal on earmark reform," said Flake. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 2, 2010 Saturday 9:30 AM  EST

CONGRESSMAN FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 102  words


WASHINGTON, Oct. 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Mesa, Arizona, Oct 1 - Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents
Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a pork project contained in the
omnibus appropriations bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $876,600 for an alien species action plan
inspection facility in Hawaii.

"At the rate we're spending, we'll soon supplant Mars as the Red Planet," said
Flake. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 25, 2010 Saturday 6:10 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 94  words


WASHINGTON, Sept. 24 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Washington, D.C., Sep 24 - Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents
Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a pork project contained in the
agriculture appropriations bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $771,000 for milk safety in Pennsylvania.

"Earmark reform: it would do this body good," said Flake. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 22, 2010 Wednesday 7:42 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SAYS SO JUST HOW BROKE ARE WE?

LENGTH: 207  words


ESA, Ariz., Sept. 20 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today illustrated the size and scope of the growing national debt.

The bronze Heisman Memorial Trophy, awarded each year to college football's most
"outstanding" player, stands 13.5 inches tall and weighs a hefty 25 pounds. The
U.S. is so broke that in order pay down our nation's staggering debt of $13
trillion - based on the price of bronze's primary components of copper, zinc,
and tin - approximately 154 billion Heisman trophies would need to be sold.

"With all those extra trophies floating around, even Reggie Bush might end up
with one," said Flake.

Along with Senator McCain, Congressman Flake introduced the Debt Buy-Down Act of
2010, which allows taxpayers to designate up to 10 percent of their federal
income tax liability to reduce the national debt. The bill then requires
Congress to reduce federal spending by that amount.

More information on the Debt Buy-Down Act can be viewed at:
http://flake.house.gov/DebtBuyDownActof2010/ For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 19, 2010 Sunday 1:49 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 97  words


ESA, Ariz., Sept. 17 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

* This week's egregious earmark: $280,000 for groundwater and stormwater
protection in McHenry County in Illinois.

* H2Oh my gosh, Congress needs to pass earmark reform," said Flake. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 5, 2010 Sunday 4:06 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 97  words


ESA, Ariz., Sept. 3 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Energy and Water
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to support flood control infrastructure
improvements in El Paso County, Texas.

"Congress needs to El Paso earmark reform," said Flake. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 30, 2010 Monday 4:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 92 words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 27 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for the widening of Anvil Block Road in
Georgia.

'Even Wile E. Coyote knows to avoid this earmark,' said Flake. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 7, 2010 Saturday 9:05 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 93 words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 6 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for improvements to Elvis Presley
Boulevard in Tennessee.

"This earmark is a hunka' hunka' burning waste," said Flake. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 29, 2010 Thursday 1:04 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER AMENDMENT CHALLENGING EARMARK TO BUILD MURTHA FOUNDATION

LENGTH: 164 words


WASHINGTON, July 28 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today announced that when the House of Representatives considers the defense
appropriations bill, he will offer an amendment to strip a $10 million earmark
to build the John P. Murtha Center for Public Service at the University of
Pittsburgh's Johnstown campus.

CongressDaily reported today that five Democratic House members requested the
earmark.

"At a time when we're borrowing 42 cents of every dollar we're spending, an
expenditure like this is inappropriate, particularly in a defense spending
bill," said Flake. "Congressman Murtha was one of the most influential members
of Congress; I have no doubt that funding for the Murtha Center can be raised
from the private sector." For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 29, 2010 Thursday 1:04 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: RULING ON ARIZONA IMMIGRATION LAW ADDS MORE PRESSURE ON CONGRESS TO
ADDRESS REFORM

LENGTH: 153 words


WASHINGTON, July 28 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today released the following statement regarding U.S. District Court Judge Susan
Bolton's ruling enjoining portions of SB 1070.

"It's frustrating to have the federal government actively preventing states from
addressing immigration enforcement, when the federal government has shown that
it's unwilling to address immigration reform on its own," said Flake.

"It's going to take comprehensive immigration reform at the federal level to
successfully address this issue, so I wish that the White House would devote as
much energy and political capital to moving reform through Congress as it is in
going after Arizona." For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 25, 2010 Sunday 8:52 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS ADDITION OF FLORIDIAN AMONG COSPONSORS OF FREEDOM TO TRAVEL
TO CUBA ACT

LENGTH: 190 words


WASHINGTON, July 22 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today praised Congresswoman Kathy Castor's (D-FL) decision to
cosponsor H.R. 874, the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act.

"With Congresswoman Castor becoming the first Floridian in Congress to publicly
embrace a new approach to Cuba policy, the tide has clearly turned," said Flake.

"Support for this issue continues to grow, and I believe the House of
Representatives will soon consider legislation lifting the ban on Americans
traveling to Cuba."

Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy, believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and
travel restrictions currently imposed by the U.S. Along with Congressman Bill
Delahunt of Massachusetts, he has introduced the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act
(H.R. 874) which would lift the ban on traveling to Cuba for all Americans. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 25, 2010 Sunday 8:51 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: EXTENSION OF UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS MUST BE OFFSET

LENGTH: 118 words


WASHINGTON, July 22 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today opposed legislation extending unemployment benefits for six months because
the cost of the bill is not offset and will add $33.9 billion to the deficit.

"The cost of extending unemployment benefits needs to be offset with spending
reductions in other areas of the budget," said Flake. "Adding nearly $34 billion
to the deficit makes it that much more difficult to grow the economy and create
new jobs." For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 25, 2010 Sunday 8:50 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 97 words


ESA, Ariz., July 23 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $750,000 for the Philadelphia Museum of Art
Transportation Improvement Program in Pennsylvania.

"This earmark doesn't paint a pretty picture," said Flake. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 13, 2010 Tuesday 4:06 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENTS ON WARNINGS OF DEBT COMMISSION CHAIRMEN

LENGTH: 250 words


ESA, Ariz., July 12 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today commented on warnings from the chairmen of the National Commission on
Fiscal Responsibility that the national debt represents a fiscal crisis.

Co-chairman Erskine Bowles said yesterday that "this debt is like a cancer."
Co-chairman Alan Simpson said that the budget was being consumed by mandatory
entitlement spending and "the whole rest of the discretionary budget is being
financed by China and other countries."

"Congress seems to be the only body not hearing the alarm bells regarding the
national debt," said Flake. "Congress may be unwilling to address the debt, but
I suspect that taxpayers do not share our reluctance."

"If Congress won't tackle the problem, we ought to let taxpayers do it for us.
The Debt Buy-Down Act gives them that opportunity."

The Debt Buy-Down Act allows taxpayers to check a box on their annual tax return
to designate up to 10 percent of their federal income tax liability to reduce
the national debt. The bill also requires Congress to reduce federal spending by
that amount. If Congress fails to reduce spending, the bill institutes an
across-the-board cut equal to the amount designated by taxpayers.

For more information on the Debt Buy-Down Act, please visit
flake.house.gov/DebtBuyDownActof2010. For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 10, 2010 Saturday 2:14 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 87 words


ESA, Ariz., July 9 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,000,000 for land acquisition at the Sleeping
Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in Michigan.

"Bear there, dune that," said Flake. For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 3, 2010 Saturday 12:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY PRESIDENT OBAMA'S IMMIGRATION SPEECH

LENGTH: 200 words


WASHINGTON, July 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment in President Obama's speech regarding immigration
reform.

"President Obama said that the southern border is more secure today than at any
time in the past 20 years. I think Arizonans would beg to differ," said Flake.

"The President needs to understand that states like Arizona are moving ahead
with immigration reform measures of their own because the federal government has
failed to act. The best thing he can do to head off state laws he disapproves of
is to push Congress to act on comprehensive reform. Yet, the President's speech
today seemed more like a nod to his base rather than a genuine effort to move
comprehensive immigration reform."

Congressman Flake supports a comprehensive approach to immigration reform that
increases border security, strengthens interior enforcement, creates a temporary
worker program, and deals with the current illegal population in a way that does
not include amnesty. For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 3, 2010 Saturday 12:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 89 words


ESA, Ariz., July 2 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $180,000 for the Schooner Adventuress Restoration
in Port Townsend, Washington.

"We need earmark reform schooner rather than later," said Flake. For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 1, 2010 Thursday 12:43 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS HOUSE AG COMMITTEE FOR PASSING BILL EASING CUBAN TRADE,
TRAVEL RESTRICTIONS

LENGTH: 168 words


WASHINGTON, June 30 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today applauded the House Agriculture Committee for marking up a bill
(H.R. 4645) that eases trade and travel restrictions with Cuba.

"For nearly 50 years, we've somehow convinced ourselves that U.S. restrictions
on trade and travel have put Cuba on the verge of change," said Flake. "It's
time to concede that our current policy has not been effective and try a new
approach."

"Restricting the freedom of Americans is an inconsistent way for the U.S. to
protest the restriction of freedom in Cuba."

Along with Congressman Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts, Congressman Flake has
introduced the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act (H.R. 874), which would lift the
ban on traveling to Cuba for all Americans. The bill currently has 178
cosponsors. For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 26, 2010 Saturday 9:30 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 93 words


WASHINGTON, June 25 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the agriculture appropriations
bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $125,000 for the South Fork of the Licking River
Watershed Project in Ohio.

"We need to stick a North, East, and a West fork in this earmark as well," said
Flake. For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 24, 2010 Thursday 5:47 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENTS ON PRESIDENT OBAMA'S DECISION TO RELIEVE GENERAL MCCHRYSTAL,
REASSIGN GENERAL PETRAEUS

LENGTH: 139 words


WASHINGTON, June 23 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today released the following statement in response to President
Obama's decision to relieve General Stanley McChrystal of his duties and replace
him with General David Petraeus.

"I hope that President Obama uses this change to reevaluate his overall strategy
in Afghanistan," said Flake. "I have enormous confidence in General Petraeus,
but even the most competent commander can only implement a mismatched strategy
with limited results. There needs to be a greater focus on counter-terrorism
efforts there, as opposed to the present focus on counter-insurgency." For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 19, 2010 Saturday 5:46 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 87 words


ESA, Ariz., June 18 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for the Vermont Wood Products
Collaborative in Vermont.

"This woodn't be the best use of taxpayer money," said Flake. For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 12, 2010 Saturday 4:10 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 90 words


WASHINGTON, June 11 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $900,000 for land acquisition at the Daniel Boone
National Forest in Kentucky.

"That there earmark ain't nothin' but a Boonedoggle," said Flake. For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 28, 2010 Friday 1:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE REACTS TO U.S. NATIONAL DEBT HITTING $13 TRILLION

LENGTH: 143  words


WASHINGTON, May 27 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed alarm at the U.S. national debt hitting $13 trillion.

"The U.S. national debt hitting $13 trillion ought to be a wake-up call," said
Flake.

"This is one problem that the federal government can't attempt to solve with a
bailout. We have to do something we've never been very good at: reducing
spending.

"With Greece and other European countries on the brink of total financial
collapse due in large part to runaway spending, Congress must avoid the same
trap."

Congressman Flake is currently drafting legislation that will allow taxpayers to
take action to address the national debt. For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 26, 2010 Wednesday 2:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: ARIZONA ENCOURAGED BY ADDITIONAL BORDER RESOURCES, BUT COMPREHENSIVE
REFORM NEEDED

LENGTH: 183  words


WASHINGTON, May 25 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today released the following statement regarding the Obama Administration's
request for $500 million for border enforcement activities and decision to
deploy up to 1,200 National Guard troops at the U.S.-Mexico border.

"Increased border enforcement is a necessary component of immigration reform,"
said Flake. "However, border enforcement alone is not going to solve our
immigration troubles. We need a comprehensive approach to immigration reform -
increased border security and interior enforcement, a temporary worker program,
and a plan to deal with the millions of illegal immigrants currently in the
country."

"Arizona and other border states are grateful for the additional resources at
the border, but I hope that this is merely the first step in a process that
culminates in Congress passing comprehensive immigration reform." For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 15, 2010 Saturday 10:06 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 87  words


WASHINGTON, May 14 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $2,000,000 to acquire the Ice Age National Scenic
Trail in Wisconsin.

"This mammoth earmark is woolly uncalled for," said Flake. For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 8, 2010 Saturday 10:38 PM  EST

CONGRESSMAN FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 88  words


WASHINGTON, May 7 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the agriculture appropriations
bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,024,000 for Chronic Wasting Disease
Surveillance in Wisconsin.

"This disease seems to run rampant in Congress, too," said Flake. For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 1, 2010 Saturday 6:52 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 85  words


WASHINGTON, April 30 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 for the Jamaica Chamber of Commerce in
Jamaica, New York.

"This earmark is Jamaican me crazy," said Flake. For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 29, 2010 Thursday 7:13 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON CONGRESS TO PASS COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM

LENGTH: 139  words


WASHINGTON, April 28 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today called on Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform legislation.

"It's tough to blame states for moving ahead with their own enforcement efforts,
when Congress has repeatedly failed to address immigration reform," said Flake.

"Congress needs to act on a plan that increases border security and interior
enforcement, creates a temporary worker program, and deals with the millions of
immigrants in the country illegally. If Congress again fails to act, you're
going to see more states move ahead with imprudent immigration bills, similar to
Arizona's new law." For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 28, 2010 Wednesday 6:54 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE, HODES DISAPPOINTED IN ETHICS COMMITTEE'S REFUSAL TO PROVIDE FACTS ON
PMA PROBE

LENGTH: 368  words


WASHINGTON, April 27 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Congressmen Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Paul Hodes (D-NH) today expressed
disappointment in the House Ethics Committee's refusal to detail basic facts,
such as how many witnesses were interviewed and subpoenas issued, regarding
their investigation of the PMA Group.

"I asked the Ethics Committee to provide basic details about their PMA
investigation in the hope that more information would give House Members and the
public more confidence in the Committee's work," said Flake. "Unfortunately,
their refusal to provide even basic facts, like how many subpoenas were issued
during the course of the investigation, has had the opposite effect."

"Given that the Committee's PMA report conceded that there is a widespread
perception of a quid pro quo between earmarks and campaign contributions, it was
particularly troubling that the Committee would assert that it does not have
jurisdiction to institute changes in House practices. Let's not forget that the
Ethics Committee's real name is the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct.
If the Committee won't even set a minimum standard for House practices, who
will?"

"There are still far too many questions about the alleged pay-for-play earmark
scheme involving Members of Congress and Washington lobbyists," said Hodes. "It
is simply unacceptable that we still do not know whether these very serious
allegations were investigated to the fullest. We need to hold politicians feet
to the fire and hold them accountable for how they spend our tax dollars."

In view of the House Ethics Committee's refusal to shed light on their PMA
investigation, Congressman Flake and Democratic Congressman Paul Hodes of New
Hampshire will ask the Office of Congressional Ethics to publicly release the
200,000 pages of documents they turned over to the Ethics Committee as part of
their PMA investigation. Congressmen Flake and Hodes believe the release of
these documents would spur the House to change its rules governing the
appropriateness of awarding earmarks to campaign contributors. For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 17, 2010 Saturday 10:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 108 words


WASHINGTON, April 16 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

$300,000 for the Maine Department of Marine Resources for Herring Monitoring
Research

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $300,000 for the Department of Marine Resources
in Augusta, Maine for herring monitoring research.

"Congress is hard of herring when it comes to fiscal reform," said Flake. For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 10, 2010 Saturday 6:54 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 82  words


ESA, Ariz., April 9 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for the Northern Lights Express in
Minnesota.

"This earmark is a train wreck," said Flake. For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 7, 2010 Wednesday 6:33 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO HOST RECEPTION IN HONOR OF CONGRESSIONAL HIGH SCHOOL ART
COMPETITION PARTICIPANTS, WINNERS

LENGTH: 255  words


WASHINGTON, April 6 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, will host a
reception in honor of students who participated in the 2010 Congressional Art
Award Contest entitled, "An Artistic Discovery." This event is a non-partisan
contest for the most talented young artists in Arizona's Sixth District. The
three competition winners for 2010 will be announced at the reception.

The first place winner will receive the honor of having a piece of their
original artwork displayed for one year in a corridor in the United States
Capitol building. In addition to the Capitol display, the first place entry will
be eligible upon acceptance to receive a $1,500 admission scholarship to the
prestigious Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah, Georgia. The second
and third place winners will have their artwork displayed in Congressman Flake's
Washington, D.C. office and in his District Office, respectively.

All high school students, their families, and art enthusiasts are welcome to
celebrate with the contest participants and winners. Questions can be directed
to Mary Baumbach in Congressman Flake's District office at 480-833-0092.

WHAT:

Reception to Honor Participants of Congressional Art Award Contest

WHEN:

Thursday, April 15, 2010 5:30 p.m.

WHERE:

Mesa Arts Center

1 North Main Street

Mesa, Arizona

Contemporary Arts Gallery (downstairs) For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 2, 2010 Friday 6:12 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE RUNS OUT OF EARMARKS TO RIDICULE

LENGTH: 149  words


WASHINGTON, April 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today announced that he would no longer highlight an "Egregious Earmark of the
Week" because he has run out of egregious earmarks to deride.

"After years of poking fun at an earmark every week, I've finally run out of
earmarks to ridicule," said Flake.

If you haven't figured it out by now, this is an April Fool's Day joke.
Unfortunately, there are still thousands of potential earmarks of the week.
While House Republicans have imposed a moratorium on earmarks this year, House
Democrats and the Senate will continue to earmark as usual, providing
Congressman Flake with plenty of fodder for future "Egregious Earmarks of the
Week." For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 2, 2010 Friday 6:11 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO HOST CONFERENCE FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS INTERESTED IN
SCHOLARSHIPS TO U.S. SERVICE ACADEMIES

LENGTH: 202  words


WASHINGTON, April 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, will host an
information session for Arizona high school students who are interested in
attending U.S. Service Academies.

Representatives from the Air Force, Army, Navy, Coast Guard, and Merchant
Marines Academies will be on hand to describe opportunities at the U.S. Service
Academies and answer questions from prospective students and parents. Members of
Congressman Flake's staff will also be on hand to explain the Congressional
application process.

If you wish to attend this information session, please fill out and return the
R.S.V.P. form found via the link on the right to:

Office of Congressman Jeff Flake

1640 S. Stapley Drive, Suite 215

Mesa, Arizona 85204

All high school students, regardless of age, are welcome and will find the
conference helpful in pursuing a nomination to a United States Service Academy.
Questions can be directed to Congressman Flake's Service Academy Representative,
Kelly Hedman, at 480-833-0092 or kelly.hedman@mail.house.gov For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 2, 2010 Friday 6:09 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 89  words


WASHINGTON, April 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the agriculture appropriations
bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $935,000 for the pasteurization of shell eggs in
Michigan.

"This Easter, it's taxpayers, not eggs, who are getting rolled," said Flake. For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     March 27, 2010 Saturday 11:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 92  words


WASHINGTON, March 26 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the agriculture appropriations
bill for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $350,000 for Cool Season Legume Research in
Idaho, North Dakota, and Washington.

"All the talk of earmark reform isn't worth a hill of beans," said Flake. For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     March 20, 2010 Saturday 10:53 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 93  words


WASHINGTON, March 19 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the interior appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for the Old Idaho Penitentiary Historic
Site in Boise, Idaho.

"If Congress doesn't stop earmarking, we won't have enough money to make bail,"
said Flake. For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 13, 2010 Saturday 4:44 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 90  words


ESA, Ariz., March 12 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for the University of North Carolina for
the Aquarius Reef Base Program.

"This is the dawning of the Age of Aquarius earmarks," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 12, 2010 Friday 9:41 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENDS HOUSE REPUBLICANS FOR ADOPTING EARMARK MORATORIUM

LENGTH: 95  words


WASHINGTON, March 11 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today applauded House Republicans for adopting a moratorium on earmarks for
Fiscal Year 2011.

"This is a great day. We've taken a big step toward fiscal responsibility. We've
got a long way to go, but we're headed in the right direction," said Flake.

"We now need to encourage the Democrats to follow our lead."For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 11, 2010 Thursday 3:43 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES DECISION BY HOUSE DEMOCRATS TO BAN EARMARKS TO PRIVATE
COMPANIES

LENGTH: 246  words


WASHINGTON, March 10 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised House Democrats for announcing a plan to ban earmarks going to
private companies.

"Banning earmarks to private companies leaves untouched the millions of dollars
wasted every year by earmarks, but it is a good first step in addressing the
corruption that stems from the practice," said Flake.

The plan would really only affect one spending bill - the defense appropriations
bill - as virtually all other appropriations bills contain only earmarks
intended for non-profit entities. For Fiscal Year 2010, earmarks for for-profit
companies comprised less than 10% of all earmarks considered in the House.
Congressman Flake also pointed out that entities like Concurrent Technologies
Corporation, technically organized as a nonprofit charity and a former client of
the PMA Group, could still receive earmarks under the Democrats' plan.

"I hope that Republicans take these restrictions a step further and impose a
moratorium on all earmarks this year. It's not enough to swear off some of the
earmarks that lend themselves to corruption - we need to get rid of all earmarks
if we have any hope of regaining taxpayers' trust."

House Republicans are scheduled to meet tomorrow to consider an earmark
moratorium.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 27, 2010 Saturday 9:53 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 88  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 26 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $300,000 to Texas A&M University for Texas Height
Modernization.

"This, for the state that brought us Ed "Too Tall" Jones..." said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 26, 2010 Friday 12:35 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE RANKED #1 ON NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION CONGRESSIONAL SCORECARD

LENGTH: 153  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 25 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today received the highest score of any Member of Congress on the National
Taxpayers Union (NTU) scorecard, which rates Members on their dedication to
lower taxes, smaller government, and economic freedom.

The NTU compiled Members' scores by reviewing every congressional vote affecting
tax, debt, spending, and regulatory issues during the first session of the 111th
Congress. This is the seventh consecutive year that Congressman Flake has been
at the top of the scorecard. He now holds the record for greatest number of
consecutive years as NTU's top scorer.

More information on the National Taxpayers Union's scorecard can be found at
http://www.ntu.org.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 20, 2010 Saturday 11:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 93  words


ESA, Ariz., Feb. 19 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the omnibus appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $350,000 for the Golden Apple Foundation in
Chicago, Illinois to recruit and train math and science teachers.

"An earmark a day keeps balanced budgets away," said Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 13, 2010 Saturday 5:21 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 82  words


ESA, Ariz., Feb. 12 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the agriculture appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $134,000 for soil surveys in Rhode Island.

"Earmark reform is proving to be a dirty job," said Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 6, 2010 Saturday 8:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 89  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 5 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the omnibus appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for the Chesapeake Bay Interpretive Buoy
System.

"Taxpayers' confidence in Congress sure isn't buoyed by the wave of earmarks,"
said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      February 5, 2010 Friday 8:59 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE CHIDES DEMOCRATS FOR RAISING DEBT LIMIT

LENGTH: 135  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today voted against raising the federal debt limit by $1.9 trillion, which
increases the statutory debt limit to $14.294 trillion.

"President Obama's recent call for a spending freeze was an acknowledgment that
federal spending is out of control," said Flake, "but you don't control spending
by raising the debt limit."

"Unfortunately, Republicans became pretty experienced spenders during our time
in power, but Democrats are making us look like amateurs. Unless this Congress
can get a handle on spending, we'll be raising the debt limit again soon."For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 3, 2010 Wednesday 7:45 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY PRESIDENT OBAMA'S BUDGET PROPOSAL

LENGTH: 132  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 2 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment with President Obama's proposed federal budget
for fiscal year 2011.

"In his State of the Union speech, President Obama talked about the need to
reduce the federal deficit. Unfortunately, the numbers in his budget proposal
don't match the rhetoric," said Flake. "The remedy for unsustainable spending
isn't more spending."

"A budget proposal is a reflection of a president's priorities. After reviewing
this budget proposal, it's clear that deficit reduction is not a priority for
this Administration."For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 30, 2010 Saturday 5:51 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 87  words


WASHINGTON, Jan. 29 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the agriculture appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $700,000 for the Maine Cattle Health Assurance
Program.

"We're still not moooving the right direction on earmark reform," said Flake.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                     January 29, 2010 Friday 11:40 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Spotlights Egregious Earmark of the Week

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

$700,000 for the Maine Cattle Health Assurance Program

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the agriculture appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $700,000 for the Maine Cattle Health Assurance
Program.

"We're still not moooving the right direction on earmark reform," said Flake.

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 100130-2597796 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2010 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 28, 2010 Thursday 10:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE WITHHOLDS PRAISE FOR SPENDING FREEZE UNTIL HE SEES PROGRESS

LENGTH: 170  words


WASHINGTON, Jan. 27 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today responded to press reports that President Obama will call for a three-year
freeze on non-defense discretionary spending during his State of the Union
address tonight.

"Nothing gets Congress hot under the collar like talk of a spending freeze,"
said Flake.

"It's admirable that President Obama wants to freeze spending; it's an admission
that the level of spending during his first year in office was unacceptable. But
until he starts vetoing spending bills, Congress will simply view this as an
empty gesture."

"Putting the brakes on spending by Congress is a herculean task, and I sincerely
hope President Obama's efforts in that regard are successful. However, let's
reserve praise until the appropriations season is over and we can measure his
progress."For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                    January 27, 2010 Wednesday 11:36 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Withholds Praise for Spending Freeze Until He Sees Progress

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 173  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

Flake Skeptical Congress Will Go Along With Spending Freeze

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today responded to press reports that President Obama will call for a three-year
freeze on non-defense discretionary spending during his State of the Union
address tonight.

"Nothing gets Congress hot under the collar like talk of a spending freeze,"
said Flake.

"It's admirable that President Obama wants to freeze spending; it's an admission
that the level of spending during his first year in office was unacceptable. But
until he starts vetoing spending bills, Congress will simply view this as an
empty gesture."

"Putting the brakes on spending by Congress is a herculean task, and I sincerely
hope President Obama's efforts in that regard are successful. However, let's
reserve praise until the appropriations season is over and we can measure his
progress."

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 100127-2592960 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2010 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 23, 2010 Saturday 7:24 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 88  words


WASHINGTON, Jan. 22 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the interior appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for restoration of the Hudson River
Sloop Clearwater in New York.

"We've really slooped to a new low with this one," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                     January 22, 2010 Friday 11:36 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Spotlights Egregious Earmark of the Week

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

$150,000 for Restoration of the Hudson River Sloop Clearwater in New York

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the interior appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for restoration of the Hudson River
Sloop Clearwater in New York.

"We've really slooped to a new low with this one," said Flake.

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 100123-2585813 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2010 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                     January 22, 2010 Friday 11:36 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Spotlights Egregious Earmark of the Week

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

$150,000 for Restoration of the Hudson River Sloop Clearwater in New York

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the interior appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2010.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for restoration of the Hudson River
Sloop Clearwater in New York.

"We've really slooped to a new low with this one," said Flake.

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 100123-2585813 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2010 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 18, 2010 Monday 8:33 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 101  words


WASHINGTON, Jan. 15 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the omnibus spending bill for fiscal
year 2010, which the House of Representatives passed last month.

This week's egregious earmark: $232,500 to the Greater Syracuse Chamber of
Commerce in Syracuse, New York for the Clean Tech Startup Camp.

"There's no 'scuse for ignoring earmark reform," said Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                     January 15, 2010 Friday 11:23 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Spotlights Egregious Earmark of the Week

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 105  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

$232,500 to the Greater Syracuse Chamber of Commerce in Syracuse, New York

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the omnibus spending bill for fiscal
year 2010, which the House of Representatives passed last month.

This week's egregious earmark: $232,500 to the Greater Syracuse Chamber of
Commerce in Syracuse, New York for the Clean Tech Startup Camp.

"There's no 'scuse for ignoring earmark reform," said Flake.

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 100116-2576545 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2010 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 15, 2010 Friday 10:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REACTS TO CONGRESSMAN JOHN SHADEGG'S DECISION TO RETIRE FROM CONGRESS

LENGTH: 155  words


WASHINGTON, Jan. 14 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today issued the following statement in response to the announcement that
Congressman John Shadegg of Arizona's Third District will not seek reelection.

"While many Republicans drifted away from the conservative principles of the
Class of '94, John continued to serve as a role model for those of us who
believe in limited government, economic freedom, and individual responsibility,"
said Flake.

"John understands that conservatism is about ideas, and he has a reputation for
introducing some of the most innovative legislative proposals. In fact, had
Congress acted on some of his healthcare bills, perhaps we wouldn't be mired in
a divisive healthcare debate now."For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                    January 14, 2010 Thursday 10:40 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Reacts to Congressman John Shadegg's Decision to Retire from
Congress

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

Shadegg Never Abandoned His Conservative Principles

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today issued the following statement in response to the announcement that
Congressman John Shadegg of Arizona's Third District will not seek reelection.

"While many Republicans drifted away from the conservative principles of the
Class of '94, John continued to serve as a role model for those of us who
believe in limited government, economic freedom, and individual responsibility,"
said Flake.

"John understands that conservatism is about ideas, and he has a reputation for
introducing some of the most innovative legislative proposals. In fact, had
Congress acted on some of his healthcare bills, perhaps we wouldn't be mired in
a divisive healthcare debate now."

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 100115-2574416 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2010 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 9, 2010 Saturday 11:56 AM  EST

REP. CONGRESSMAN FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 101  words


WASHINGTON, Jan. 8 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the omnibus spending bill for fiscal
year 2010, which the House of Representatives passed last month.

This week's egregious earmark: $600,000 for coastal tidal gauges in Alabama.

"The Crimson Tide may be national champs, but the tide has yet to turn in
Congress when it comes to earmark reform," said Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                      January 8, 2010 Friday 9:57 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Spotlights Egregious Earmark of the Week

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 101  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

$600,000 for Coastal Tidal Gauges in Alabama

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted an earmark contained in the omnibus spending bill for fiscal
year 2010, which the House of Representatives passed last month.

This week's egregious earmark: $600,000 for coastal tidal gauges in Alabama.

"The Crimson Tide may be national champs, but the tide has yet to turn in
Congress when it comes to earmark reform," said Flake.

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 100109-2562258 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2010 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 19, 2009 Saturday 8:39 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 109  words


ESA, Ariz., Dec. 18 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2010, which the House of Representatives passed last week.

This week's egregious earmark: $399,900 for renovation of the old Pepsi building
in Luna County, New Mexico to house dedicated youth services, practice space,
and community meeting rooms.

"Earmark reform: the choice of a new generation," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 17, 2009 Thursday 12:57 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY GUTIERREZ IMMIGRATION BILL

LENGTH: 266  words


WASHINGTON, Dec. 15 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
criticized an immigration reform bill unveiled today by Congressman Luis
Gutierrez of Illinois.

"Having worked with Congressman Gutierrez on immigration reform legislation in
the past, I know how committed he is to this issue," said Flake. "However, this
is a flawed bill. It repeats the mistakes of the '86 reform - massive
legalization without a temporary worker program to accommodate future labor
demands."

"In order for immigration reform to be effective, it needs to be comprehensive.
Any bill without a temporary worker program is simply not comprehensive."

"I'm also troubled by the weakened legalization requirements in the Gutierrez
bill. The STRIVE Act included many penalties for illegal immigrants applying for
legal status, such as a $2000 fine, a touchback provision, and other stringent
requirements. Those standards have been watered down or removed in the Gutierrez
bill."

"I'm still hopeful that Congress will address immigration reform soon. States
like Arizona desperately need it. However, it will need to be more comprehensive
than the Gutierrez bill in order to be effective."

In 2007 Congressman Flake and Congressman Gutierrez introduced the STRIVE Act,
which would have increased border security, strengthened interior enforcement,
created a temporary worker program, and denied amnesty to illegal immigrants.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 12, 2009 Saturday 10:21 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 102  words


WASHINGTON, Dec. 11 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2010, which the House of Representatives passed yesterday.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to the I Won't Cheat Foundation in Salt
Lake City, Utah for an anti-steroid education program and awareness program.

"Earmark reform isn't working out," said Flake.For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 10, 2009 Thursday 11:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CRITICIZES OMNIBUS SPENDING BILL

LENGTH: 284  words


WASHINGTON, Dec. 9 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized the omnibus spending that the House of Representatives plans to
consider later this week.

"House Democrats limited the amendments that Republicans could offer to
appropriations bills this year because they claimed they needed to finish the
bills on time to avoid an omnibus," said Flake. "Yet, here we are with an
omnibus. It's difficult to believe that they were trying to do anything but
shield their Members from politically sensitive amendments."

"Unfortunately, between the number of omnibus bills we passed during our
majority and the number of earmarks we have in this bill, Republicans don't have
a lot of credibility to criticize this process."

According to Taxpayers for Common Sense, the bill contains 5,224 earmarks worth
over $3.8 billion.

A Sampling of Egregious Earmarks in the Omnibus

* $500,000 for the Botanical Research Institute of Texas in Fort Worth, Texas to
enhance its collections

* $292,200 for elimination of slum and blight in Scranton, Pennsylvania

* $700,000 for an arts pavilion in Mississippi

* $300,000 for Carnegie Hall music and education programs in New York

* $200,000 for the Aquatic Adventures Science Education Foundation in San Diego,
California

* $250,000 for the Brooklyn Children's Museum in Brooklyn, New York for
construction and renovation

* $600,000 for streetscape beautification in California

* $250,000 for the Monroe County Fiscal Court for the Monroe County Farmers'
Market in KentuckyFor more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 5, 2009 Saturday 7:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 91  words


WASHINGTON, Dec. 4 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $866,000 for stable fly control in Lincoln,
Nebraska.

"If taxpayers are looking for a stable economy, earmarks like this just aren't
going to fly," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 21, 2009 Saturday 10:50 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 87  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $300,000 for sewer upgrades and expansion in
McIntosh, Alabama.

"Congress continues to spend like we're flush with money," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 21, 2009 Saturday 10:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR LIFTING OF CUBA TRAVEL BAN AT HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS
COMMITTEE HEARING

LENGTH: 179  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 19 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today reiterated his call to lift the ban on Americans traveling to
Cuba.

The House Foreign Affairs Committee held a hearing this morning examining
whether it was time to lift the ban on Americans traveling to Cuba.

"I was elected to be a Member of Congress, not a travel agent," said Flake.
"Americans should be able to travel wherever they want. They don't need our
advice and shouldn't have to seek our permission."

Congressman Flake believes that the most effective way to hasten democratic
reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and travel restrictions currently imposed by
the U.S. Along with Congressman Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts, he has
introduced the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act (H.R. 874), which would lift the
ban on traveling to Cuba for all Americans. The bill currently has 178
cosponsors.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                    November 19, 2009 Thursday 11:54 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Calls for Lifting of Cuba Travel Ban at House Foreign Affairs
Committee Hearing

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act Gaining Momentum

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today reiterated his call to lift the ban on Americans traveling to
Cuba.

The House Foreign Affairs Committee held a hearing this morning examining
whether it was time to lift the ban on Americans traveling to Cuba.

"I was elected to be a Member of Congress, not a travel agent," said Flake.
"Americans should be able to travel wherever they want. They don't need our
advice and shouldn't have to seek our permission."

Congressman Flake believes that the most effective way to hasten democratic
reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and travel restrictions currently imposed by
the U.S. Along with Congressman Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts, he has
introduced the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act (H.R. 874), which would lift the
ban on traveling to Cuba for all Americans. The bill currently has 178
cosponsors.

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 091120-2483762 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2009 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 19, 2009 Thursday 9:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES DEMOCRATS NOT TO USE STIMULUS AS MODEL FOR JOBS BILL

LENGTH: 171  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today urged House Democrats not to use the so-called stimulus bill as a model
for the jobs bill they are reportedly crafting.

"Moving a jobs bill next month is a concession that the stimulus bill has failed
to create jobs," said Flake. "Let's not add injury to insult by using the
stimulus as a model when crafting a jobs bill."

"As the stimulus has proven, increasing federal spending will not create jobs.
We ought to cut corporate tax rates and let a growing economy create jobs."

"At the very least, the unemployment rate should give Democrats pause as they
move ahead with their healthcare bill. The prospect of that bill becoming law is
creating enough uncertainty among businesses, particularly small businesses,
that job creation will be a very difficult task."For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                             Targeted News Service

                    November 17, 2009 Tuesday 11:26 PM  EST

Congressman Flake Urges Democrats Not to Use Stimulus As Model for Jobs Bill

BYLINE: Targeted News Service

LENGTH: 173  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following news release:

Let Growing Economy, Not Federal Spending, Create Jobs

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today urged House Democrats not to use the so-called stimulus bill as a model
for the jobs bill they are reportedly crafting.

"Moving a jobs bill next month is a concession that the stimulus bill has failed
to create jobs," said Flake. "Let's not add injury to insult by using the
stimulus as a model when crafting a jobs bill."

"As the stimulus has proven, increasing federal spending will not create jobs.
We ought to cut corporate tax rates and let a growing economy create jobs."

"At the very least, the unemployment rate should give Democrats pause as they
move ahead with their healthcare bill. The prospect of that bill becoming law is
creating enough uncertainty among businesses, particularly small businesses,
that job creation will be a very difficult task."

Copyright Targeted News Services

TNS MD66-MD66 091118-2479553 61MariaDonald

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                    Copyright 2009 Targeted News Service LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 15, 2009 Sunday 6:39 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 86  words


ESA, Ariz., Nov. 13 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $237,500 for the Egg Harbor City transit hub in
New Jersey.

"Congress lays another egg when it comes to earmark reform," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 12, 2009 Thursday 12:10 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST PELOSI HEALTHCARE BILL

LENGTH: 181  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 7 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today voted against the Democratic healthcare bill (H.R. 3962).

"This bill is a jobs-killer; it's the last thing we should be doing when we're
dealing with 10% unemployment," said Flake.

"There's no question that our healthcare system is in need of reform. However, a
costly top-to-bottom overhaul of the entire system by the federal government
isn't the right approach. We ought to address deficiencies and make enhancements
to our current system through medical liability reform, health savings accounts,
associated heath plans, and other free market-oriented reforms that lower costs,
encourage innovation, and empower individuals."

Congressman Flake also favors increasing competition by allowing individuals to
purchase healthcare with pre-tax dollars and allowing the purchase of healthcare
policies across state lines.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 7, 2009 Saturday 1:40 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 95  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 6 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $238,000 for equipment and technology upgrades at
Finger Lakes Community College in New York.

"If Congress had their finger on the pulse of taxpayers, they'd stop
earmarking," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 4, 2009 Wednesday 11:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE JOINS PUSH TO ENROLL MEMBERS OF CONGRESS IN THE PUBLIC OPTION

LENGTH: 184  words


WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today joined with other Republicans to require an amendment to the healthcare
bill that would automatically enroll all Members of Congress in the public
option.

Democrats have not said whether or not they will allow such an amendment to be
offered during debate on the healthcare bill.

"The word 'shall' appears over 3000 times in the healthcare bill," said Flake.
"Yet, the provision concerning Members of Congress enrolling in the public
option says 'may,' not 'shall.'"

"That's not merely an oversight; Democrats don't want to have to enroll in the
public option. That says a lot about the quality of healthcare Americans can
expect if this bill passes."

Congressman John Fleming of Louisiana, the lead sponsor of the amendment, will
hold a press conference tomorrow at 9:00am EST at the House Triangle with other
supporters of the amendment.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 31, 2009 Saturday 11:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPEAKS OUT AGAINST HOUSE DEMOCRATIC HEALTHCARE BILL

LENGTH: 159  words


WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized the healthcare bill unveiled by House Democrats this morning.

"The House Democrats' bill takes us in the wrong direction," said Flake.

"This bill does nothing to control healthcare costs. It simply shifts billions
of dollars of liability to taxpayers. It just creates a whole new set of
problems."

Congressman Flake favors increasing competition by allowing individuals to
purchase healthcare with pre-tax dollars and allowing the purchase of healthcare
policies across state lines. He also supports medical liability reform, health
savings accounts, associated heath plans, and other free market-oriented reforms
to lower costs, encourage innovation, and empower individuals.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 31, 2009 Saturday 11:54 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 89  words


ESA, Ariz., Oct. 30 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,284,525 for Rolls Royce Solid Oxide Fuel Cell
Systems Development in Ohio.

"Congress has a Rolls Royce spending habit on a Yugo budget," said Flake.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 29, 2009 Thursday 5:17 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT REGARDING HIS VOTE AGAINST HONORING THE 2560TH
BIRTHDAY OF CONFUCIUS

LENGTH: 101  words


WASHINGTON, Oct. 28 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
statement:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today released the following statement regarding his vote against H.Res.784, a
bill "honoring the 2560th anniversary of the birth of Confucius and recognizing
his invaluable contributions to philosophy and social and political thought."

"He who spends time passing trivial legislation may find himself out of time to
read healthcare bill," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 19, 2009 Monday 1:51 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 88  words


ESA, Ariz.,Oct. 16 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,903,000 for the Great Plains Wind Power Test
Facility in Texas.

"Taxpayers won't be happy when they catch wind of this earmark," said Flake.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 16, 2009 Friday 3:47 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE CRITICIZES PROPOSED PAYMENTS TO SENIORS

LENGTH: 148  words


WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized a proposal by the Obama Administration to give senior citizens
a payment of $250 because there is no cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA) this
year.

"I understand that these are tough economic times, but this money has to come
from somewhere," said Flake. "Future generations will have to pay off our
deficits. We're robbing Junior to placate Grandpa."

"If Congress doesn't even have the political will to tell seniors that there
will be no COLA this year because there was no inflation, what are the chances
that we're able to find hundreds of billions of dollars in Medicare cuts to pay
for the healthcare bill?"For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 10, 2009 Saturday 10:24 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 85  words


ESA, Ariz., Oct. 9 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $285,000 to the University of Mississippi to
enhance mathematics preparation.

"This earmark just doesn't add up," said Flake.For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 3, 2009 Saturday 7:13 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

LENGTH: 94  words


ESA, Ariz., Oct. 2 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $190,000 for the continued construction of a
youth sports complex in Carlsbad, New Mexico.

"Congress gives away earmarks like little league trophies - everyone gets one,"
said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 28, 2009 Monday 11:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 95  words


WASHINGTON, Sept. 25 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $143,000 to the Audubon Society of Rhode Island
to develop an environmental education initiative.

"Congress continues to exhibit birdbrained behavior on earmark reform," said
Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 21, 2009 Monday 4:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 94  words


ESA, Ariz., Sept. 18 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $190,000 to the Cleveland Chiropractic College in
Overland Park, Kansas for curriculum development.

"Isn't it about time we took a crack at reducing wasteful earmarks?" said
Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 18, 2009 Friday 9:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT ON RESOLUTION REGARDING CONGRESSMAN JOE WILSON

LENGTH: 202  words


WASHINGTON, Sept. 15 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
statement:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today released the following statement regarding his vote in favor of a
resolution disapproving of Congressman Joe Wilson's actions during the
presidential address, which broke the House of Representatives' rules of
decorum.

"Congressman Wilson is a good man, and I have confidence that his apology to
President Obama was sincere," said Flake. "However, his actions violated the
rules of decorum of the House of Representatives."

"While the tenor of political debate seems to get more disrespectful every year,
the floor of the House of Representatives has always provided a welcome respite.
Even the fiercest political opponents refer to each other as 'gentleman' and
afford one another civility and respect. We need to uphold that tradition."

"Despite my suspicion that this resolution was driven as much by partisan
politics as upholding precedent, I believe that it's important to maintain the
rules of decorum in the House and I supported its passage."For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 12, 2009 Saturday 2:48 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 82  words


ESA, Ariz., Sept. 11 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $147,386 for the Alamo WorkSource Center
expansion in San Antonio, Texas.

"What a Crockett," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 10, 2009 Thursday 3:05 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES PRESIDENT OBAMA TO CONSIDER REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE REFORMS

LENGTH: 171  words


WASHINGTON, Sept. 9 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today urged President Obama to use his address to Congress to direct
congressional Democrats to consider Republican healthcare proposals.

"The lack of support for the Democratic healthcare plan is not simply the result
of bad messaging - it's the result of a bad bill," said Flake. "The problem
isn't the sales pitch, it's the product."

"President Obama can give speech after speech, but until this legislation is
fundamentally altered, Americans will remain skeptical of it."

"If Democrats are serious about enhancing healthcare and controlling costs, they
need to consider Republican proposals, such as medical liability reform,
allowing health insurance to be purchased across state lines, and providing tax
credits for the purchase of private healthcare insurance."For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 2, 2009 Wednesday 5:33 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 87  words


ESA, Ariz., Sept. 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to Thomas More College in Crestview
Hills, Kentucky for training programs in healthcare management.

"More is less," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     August 29, 2009 Saturday 3:49 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 88  words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 28 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 to the Future of the Piedmont Foundation
in Chatham, Virginia.

"Earmarks continue to tax the foundation of good government," said Flake.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     August 22, 2009 Saturday 5:36 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 89  words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 21 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $143,000 for educational activities at the
American Ballet Theatre in New York, New York.

"Congress continues to spend way tutu much," said Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     August 19, 2009 Wednesday 2:44 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE MOURNS PASSING OF ROBERT NOVAK

LENGTH: 126  words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 18 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today mourned the passing of journalist and conservative commentator Robert
Novak.

"Both in print and on television, Bob's reporting helped shape, and in many ways
even defined, the conservative movement," said Flake.

"Despite being an outspoken conservative himself, Bob pulled no punches when
covering Republicans. When he felt Republicans weren't advancing conservative
principles, he was the first to say it. He kept us honest, and his death leaves
a huge void in the conservative movement."For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     August 15, 2009 Saturday 1:58 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 86  words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 14 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $243,000 for a beef technology transfer in
Missouri.

"Congress continues to 'cow'er when it comes to earmark reform," said Flake.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     August 13, 2009 Thursday 4:03 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO SPEAKER PELOSI REGARDING TOWN HALLS

LENGTH: 126  words


ESA, ARIZONA, Aug. 12 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today sent Speaker Pelosi a letter taking issue with her characterization of
healthcare town hall participants as "astroturf."

"My constituents have legitimate concerns about the Democrats' healthcare
proposal," said Flake. "It's not 'un-American' to voice those concerns."

Congressman Flake recently participated in a healthcare town hall that was
attended by over 2000 of his constituents. Unlike many of the town halls that
the media has focused on, the discussion was civil and courteous.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 11, 2009 Tuesday 4:09 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO PARTICIPATE IN TOWN HALL

LENGTH: 88  words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 10 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
announced that he will participate in a town hall on August 10, 2009 in Chandler
at 6:00pm.

Healthcare Town Hall

Monday, August 10 at 6:00pm

Basha High School

Theatre Room

5990 S. Val Vista Drive

Chandler, AZ 85249

(Access parking off of Riggs Rd., next to football field)For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 8, 2009 Saturday 1:55 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 87  words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 6 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,037,000 for potato research in Washington,
Maine, and Idaho.

"Earmarks are like potato chips - you can't have just one," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 8, 2009 Saturday 1:53 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE PANS DEMOCRATIC GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE PLAN

LENGTH: 176  words


ESA, Ariz., Aug. 7 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized the Democratic healthcare plan.

"I don't think there's anyone who would argue that our healthcare system isn't
in need of reform," said Flake. "However, we need reform that enhances the
current system's advantages while addressing its soaring costs. The Democratic
healthcare plan does neither."

"Republicans have offered free market proposals that use competition to enhance
service and reduce cost. Republican proposals also include medical liability
reform, which is an essential component of controlling costs."

"The Democrats would have us believe that the only choice we have is between
their reform plan, which involves a massive shift toward more government
control, and the status quo. It doesn't have to be that way. We need to consider
Republican ideas and alternatives."For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 1, 2009 Saturday 1:15 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS HOUSE ETHICS COMMITTEE

LENGTH: 307  words


WASHINGTON, July. 31 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today applauded the decision by members of the House Ethics Committee to vote
"present" on several amendments to the defense appropriations bill.

Congressman Flake offered the amendments, which would have removed specific
earmarks from the bill.

"If members of the Ethics Committee feel compelled to vote present on several
earmark amendments because the matter is or may come before them, why in the
world would the House move ahead with these earmarks?" said Flake.

"Federal funding ought to be beyond reproach. It's tough to say that's the case
when members of the Ethics Committee vote present because the matter may be
under review."

* $5,000,000 to Concurrent Technologies Corporation for Enhanced Navy Shore
Readiness Integration (Failed 77 -347)

* $5,000,000 to DRS Technologies for Reduced Manning Situation Awareness (Failed
69 -351)

* $2,200,000 to KDH Technologies for Body Armor Improved Ballistic Protection,
Research and Development (Failed by voice vote)

* $3,000,000 to ProLogic, Inc. for a Gulf Range Mobile Instrumentation
Capability (Failed 76 -350)

* $1,500,000 to Planning Systems, Inc./QinetiQ for an Ultra Low Profile EARS
Gunshot Localization System (Failed 82 -341)

* $2,500,000 to Alliant Techsystems, Inc. for AARGM Counter Air Defense Future
Capabilities (Failed 78 -348)

* $8,000,000 to ArgonST for AN/SLQ-25D Integration (Failed 83 -338)

* 75 earmarks worth more than $200 million going to former clients of the PMA
Group (Failed 118 -304)

* $2.7 billion for the 549 earmarks in the bill going directly to private
companies without competition (Failed 82 -342)For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 1, 2009 Saturday 1:14 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 88  words


WASHINGTON, July. 31 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009.

This week's egregious earmark: $254,000 for the Montana Sheep Institute in
Bozeman, Montana.

"Ewe aren't going to reduce the deficit if you don't cut mutton," said Flake.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 31, 2009 Friday 7:26 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENTS TO STRIKE EARMARKS FROM DEFENSE SPENDING BILL

LENGTH: 331  words


WASHINGTON, July 30 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today offered several amendments designed to strike specific earmarks from the
defense appropriations bill for fiscal year 2010.

"Members of Congress should not have the ability to award no-bid contracts to
their campaign contributors," said Flake. "It's difficult for taxpayers to look
at this process and not see pay-to-play politics at its worst."

"The ethical cloud will hang over Congress as long as we continue to award
no-bid contracts to private companies."

Although Congressman Flake filed over 552 amendments with the House Rules
Committee, he was only permitted to offer ten amendments.

* An amendment to strike $160,000,000 for a stealth earmark for Motorola for
defense drug interdiction and counter-drug activities in Mexico

* An amendment to strike $5,000,000 to Concurrent Technologies Corporation for
Enhanced Navy Shore Readiness Integration

* An amendment to strike $5,000,000 to DRS Technologies for Reduced Manning
Situation Awareness

* An amendment to strike $2,200,000 to KDH Technologies for Body Armor Improved
Ballistic Protection, Research and Development

* An amendment to strike $3,000,000 to ProLogic, Inc. for a Gulf Range Mobile
Instrumentation Capability

* An amendment to strike $1,500,000 to Planning Systems, Inc./QinetiQ for an
Ultra Low Profile EARS Gunshot Localization System

* An amendment to strike $2,500,000 to Alliant Techsystems, Inc. for AARGM
Counter Air Defense Future Capabilities

* An amendment to strike $8,000,000 to ArgonST for AN/SLQ-25D Integration

* An amendment to strike 75 earmarks worth more than $200 million going to
former clients of the PMA Group

* An amendment to strike $2.7 billion for the 549 earmarks in the bill going
directly to private companies without competitionFor more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 28, 2009 Tuesday 2:05 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE FILES OVER 540 AMENDMENTS TO DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS BILL

LENGTH: 305  words


WASHINGTON, July 27 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today announced that he has filed over 540 amendments to the defense
appropriations bill. The House of Representatives is scheduled to consider the
bill this week. The defense appropriations bill contains 1,087 earmarks worth
$2.7 billion, with about 540 of those earmarks worth $1.3 billion going directly
to private companies without competition.

Congressman Flake has filed an amendment for each earmark going to a private
company, which is essentially a no-bid contract. "Simply put, Members of
Congress should not have the ability to award no-bid contracts," said Flake.
"Even worse, many times the recipients of these earmarks are campaign
contributors. The practice has created an ethical cloud over Congress, and it
needs to end." Breaking with tradition, the defense appropriations bill is
likely to come up this year under a closed rule, meaning that the House Rules
Committee must approve any amendments before they can be debated on the House
floor. "These earmarks receive scant scrutiny by the House Appropriations
Committee - the Committee's markup of the bill lasted all of 18 minutes - so
challenging earmarks on the House floor is the only inspection that most of
these no-bid contracts will receive." Among the earmarks in the bill are over 70
no-bid contracts for former clients of the PMA Group, a now-defunct lobbying
firm currently under investigation by both the Justice Department and the House
Ethics Committee. "Given the way this bill's been earmarked, you'd never know
that serious ethical questions have been raised about this process."For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 25, 2009 Saturday 4:33 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 98  words


WASHINGTON, July 24 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $95,000 for the first phase of
construction of the Carbon County Museum in Rawlins, Wyoming. "For all the talk
of earmark reform, this year's process is a carbon copy of previous years," said
Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 18, 2009 Saturday 4:26 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 95  words


WASHINGTON, July 17 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 for Syracuse
University for an entrepreneurial accelerator program. "Even though we're headed
toward a fiscal cliff, Congress has its foot on the accelerator," said Flake.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 15, 2009 Wednesday 6:15 PM  EST

EARMARK DEFINITION ADDED TO DICTIONARY

LENGTH: 102  words


WASHINGTON, July 14 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today commented on the inclusion of the definition of "earmark" in
Merriam-Webster's latest edition. "Appropriators have been trying to find the
word 'earmark' in the Constitution for years. At least now they'll be able to
find it in the dictionary," said Flake. "Now that 'earmark' is in the
dictionary, maybe we can get earmarks out of Congress."For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 11, 2009 Saturday 4:28 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 90  words


WASHINGTON, July 10 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $475,000 for the creation of
business incubators in Casper, Wyoming. "Looks like earmark reform doesn't have
a ghost of a chance this year," said Flake.For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 9, 2009 Thursday 1:08 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES RECOMMENDATIONS OF IMMIGRATION TASK FORCE

LENGTH: 210  words


WASHINGTON, July 8 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised the recommendations of the Council on Foreign Affairs' Independent
Task Force on U.S. Immigration Policy. The bipartisan task force recommended a
comprehensive overhaul of U.S. immigration policy in order to enhance national
security, attract skilled workers, improve the U.S.'s international image, and
uphold American values. Among the recommended reforms, the task force suggested
that foreign students studying in the U.S. be allowed to stay and work in the
country after earning advanced degrees. "Unless we adjust our immigration policy
to allowed foreign-born, U.S.-educated students to remain and work in the
country after they've graduated, we're going to continue to see our technology
industry move overseas," said Flake. Congressman Flake has introduced the STAPLE
Act (H.R. 1791), which would exempt from visa quotas foreign students who have
earned a Ph.D. degree in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics from a
U.S. university and have a job offer in the U.S.For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 2, 2009 Thursday 1:20 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 93  words


MESA, Ariz., July 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $475,000 for the development of
economic growth and the recruitment of small businesses in Independence, Kansas.
"Let's declare independence from earmarks," said Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 27, 2009 Saturday 3:59 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE OPPOSES CAP AND TRADE BILL

LENGTH: 150  words


WASHINGTON, June 26 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized House Democrats for bringing a cap and trade bill to the House
floor. "The last thing a fragile economy needs is a new energy tax, yet that's
essentially what this cap and trade bill is," said Flake. "This bill is more
about generating revenue for the federal government than it is about addressing
climate change." Unfortunately, Congressman Flake was unable to vote on the bill
due to a family obligation. Had he been able to vote today, he would have voted
against it. Unless the bill is changed substantially, Congressman Flake will
vote against the cap and trade conference report when it comes back to the
House.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 26, 2009 Friday 7:42 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES CONGRESS TO PASS COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM THIS YEAR

LENGTH: 200  words


WASHINGTON, June 25 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today urged Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform this year. "States
like Arizona are bearing the brunt of the federal government's inaction on
immigration reform," said Flake. "We cannot afford to have immigration reform
kicked down the road again." Congressman Flake was invited to the White House
meeting today but was unfortunately unable to attend due to a family obligation.
"President Obama deserves some credit for hosting this meeting, but I hope it's
just the first step in enacting comprehensive immigration reform this year." In
the last Congress, Congressman Flake and Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois
introduced the STRIVE Act, which would increase border security, strengthen
interior enforcement, create a temporary worker program, and deny amnesty to
illegal immigrants. Congressman Flake is hopeful that the STRIVE Act will be
used as the basis of any immigration reform proposal considered this year.For
more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 22, 2009 Monday 4:13 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 86  words


WASHINGTON, June 19 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $400,000 for the Salisbury
House in Des Moines, Iowa. "Congress' fiscal credibility is really what's at
'steak' here," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 13, 2009 Saturday 4:33 PM  EST

REP . FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 98  words


WASHINGTON, June 12 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $600,000 for a visitor center
at the Theodore Roosevelt National Wildlife Refuge in Mississippi. "Congress
continues to speak softly about earmark reform and then stick it to the
taxpayers," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 12, 2009 Friday 6:41 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENTS ON ETHICS COMMITTEE'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF PMA INVESTIGATION

LENGTH: 217  words


WASHINGTON, June 11 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today reacted to the announcement that the House Ethics Committee is
investigating the PMA scandal. "I'm encouraged that the Ethics Committee is
looking into the PMA scandal," said Flake. "Obviously, with the first
appropriations bill scheduled to be on the floor next week, the House of
Representatives cannot justify the continued practice of awarding no-bid
contracts to private companies. This announcement ought to be a sign that this
practice needs to stop immediately." "The Ethics Committee should not wait to
take action to prevent similar situations moving forward. It's my hope that the
Ethics Committee will issue new guidance to Members that will decouple earmarks
and campaign contributions." Congressman Flake has introduced H. Res. 85, which
would prohibit Members from securing earmarks for campaign contributors. The
resolution amends House rules to expand the definition of "financial interest"
to include campaign contributions. Members are prohibited from sponsoring
earmarks in which they have a financial interest.For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 6, 2009 Saturday 11:37 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 86  words


MESA, Ariz., June 5 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to the West Point
Historic Post Office in West Point, Mississippi. "Taxpayers to Congress: Return
to Sender," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 5, 2009 Friday 9:31 AM  EST

HOUSE PUNTS AGAIN ON PMA INVESTIGATION

LENGTH: 251  words


WASHINGTON, June 3 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that the House of Representatives killed a
resolution regarding the PMA Group. The House referred to committee a privileged
resolution offered by Majority Leader Hoyer that would have required the House
Ethics Committee to disclose whether or not it has an open investigation into
the PMA Group. Because the resolution was referred to committee rather than
passed, the Ethics Committee is not required to act on it. "The privileged
resolution offered by Leader Hoyer might have had limited value had we been
allowed to vote on it," said Flake. "Unfortunately, it wasn't Leader Hoyer's
motion that was adopted. Rather, the House adopted Congressman McGovern's motion
to refer the resolution to committee, thus rendering it meaningless. What we did
today has the same effect as dropping a bill in the hopper. No further action is
required." In light of the Hoyer resolution, Congressman Flake held off on
offering his ninth privileged resolution requiring the Ethics Committee to
examine the relationship between earmarks to clients of the PMA Group and
PMA-related campaign contributions. However, he will continue to offer such
resolutions until the House severs the tie between earmarks and campaign
contributions.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 2, 2009 Tuesday 11:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PANS GOVERNMENT STAKE IN GENERAL MOTORS

LENGTH: 153  words


MESA, Ariz., June 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today panned the expanded ownership role the federal government will take in
General Motors (GM). "The President's statement that 'this may give some
Americans pause' is the understatement of the century," said Flake. "A lot of
nausea or a good case of the shivers would be more accurate." "I think it's
reasonable to ask how 'hands off' the federal government will be when GM
executives decide that it's more economical to begin to outsource production of
parts currently manufactured domestically. Good business decisions oftentimes
don't make for good politics, and the temptation for the federal government to
intervene will inevitably be too great."For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 2, 2009 Tuesday 11:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER PRIVILEGED RESOLUTION ON EARMARKS THIS WEEK

LENGTH: 211  words


MESA, Ariz., June 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today announced that he will file a privileged resolution this week regarding
the relationship between earmarks and campaign contributions. Congressman Flake
has previously offered eight similar privileged resolutions, each time gaining
more support from Democrats. The resolution calls on the House Ethics Committee
to examine the relationship between earmarks for clients of the PMA Group and
PMA-related campaign contributions. "As long as we award no-bid contracts to
private companies, the ethical cloud will continue to hang over Congress," said
Flake. "It's difficult to argue with the perception that the earmark process is
a pay-to-play system when the executives of the private companies that receive
these earmarks turn around and make campaign contributions to those members who
secured the earmarks." Congressman Flake will give notice of his intention to
offer a privileged resolution tomorrow evening. The House Leadership will then
have two legislative days to consider the resolution.For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 30, 2009 Saturday 1:47 PM  EST

REP.FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 89  words


MESA, Ariz., May 29 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $95,000 to the Muhammad Ali
Center in Louisville, Kentucky for educational outreach. "This isn't The
Greatest use of taxpayer money," said Flake.For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 25, 2009 Monday 6:35 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 97  words


MESA, Ariz., May 22 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $223,000 to the Wine Grape
Foundation Block at Washington State University for virus-free wine grape
cultivars. "Taxpayers told Congress to 'put a cork in it,' not 'put pork in
it,'" said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 21, 2009 Thursday 3:50 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES BIPARTISAN EARMARK REFORM BILL

LENGTH: 229  words


WASHINGTON, May 20 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today introduced bipartisan legislation (H.R. 2512) that would prohibit
for-profit entities from being awarded earmarks. In addition to Congressman
Flake, the bill was introduced by Democratic Congressmen Ron Kind of Wisconsin,
Jim Cooper of Tennessee, Adam Smith of Washington, and Tim Walz of Minnesota and
Republican Congressmen Mark Kirk of Illinois, Jeb Hensarling of Texas, and John
Campbell of California. "Simply put, individual Members of Congress shouldn't
have the ability to award no-bid contracts to private businesses," said Flake.
"There are just too many ethical questions that come with earmarking money to
for-profit entities." "The bipartisan support of this bill is indicative of the
growing sentiment in Congress that this is a practice that needs to stop."
Earlier this year, President Obama expressed unease with earmarks for private
businesses. While not calling for a prohibition, President Obama said, "The
awarding of earmarks to private companies is the single most corrupting element
of this practice, as witnessed by some of the indictments and convictions that
we've already seen."For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 16, 2009 Saturday 11:53 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 98  words


MESA, Ariz., May 15 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $17,500,000 for renovations at
the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum in Hyde Park, New
York. "It looks like the only thing we have to earmark is earmarks themselves,"
said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 2, 2009 Saturday 4:00 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 86  words


MESA, Ariz., May 1 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $190,000 to rebuild the high
dock at the Port of Gold Beach, Oregon. "Taxpayers have their paychecks docked
for this?" said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 30, 2009 Thursday 2:50 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: U.S. SHOULD NOT PRECONDITION CHANGE IN CUBA POLICY ON ACTION BY
CUBAN GOVERNMENT

LENGTH: 254  words


WASHINGTON, April 29 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, ranking member of the National Security and
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee, today cautioned that a change in U.S. policy
toward Cuba should not be preconditioned on action by the Cuban government. The
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee's National Security and Foreign
Affairs Subcommittee today examined the national security implications of U.S.
policy toward Cuba. "Our policy toward Cuba has been built on the faulty premise
that the Cuban government favors an end to the travel ban and embargo," said
Flake. "Save for their rhetoric, there is little evidence that the Cuban
government actually wants such an outcome. In fact, every time relations between
the U.S. and Cuba appear to be warming, the Cuban government takes action,
whether it be shooting down American planes or jailing dissidents, to ensure
that the status quo is maintained." "I believe the most effective action the
U.S. can take to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to loosen trade and travel
restrictions. Clearly, the prospect of increasing commerce and contact hasn't
been a very successful carrot, but it might make a pretty effective stick."
Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts, has
introduced the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act (H.R. 874). The bill has over 120
cosponsors.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 29, 2009 Wednesday 2:13 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE, SEN. HUTCHISON INTRODUCE HIGHWAY FAIRNESS AND REFORM ACT

LENGTH: 278  words


WASHINGTON, April 28 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today introduced the Highway Fairness and Reform Act, which allows states to opt
out of paying into the Highway Trust Fund. States opting out would assume
discretionary authority and fiscal responsibility for their own transportation
programs. Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas has introduced companion
legislation in the Senate. The Highway Trust Fund was created in the 1950s to
complete the interstate highway system. Yet, the interstate highway system was
finished decades ago and Congress continues to collect money from the gas tax,
which finances the Highway Trust Fund. 30 so-called "donor states," like
Arizona, contribute more to the Highway Trust Fund than they receive in
transportation funding. For instance, Arizona receives only 93 cents for every
dollar it contributes into the Highway Trust Fund. "By allowing states to assume
discretionary transportation authority, local transportation decisions would be
made at the local level, not by the federal government," said Flake. "States,
like Arizona, that currently send a dollar in gas taxes to the federal
government only to see 93 cents returned to them would be allowed to opt-out of
the Highway Trust Fund and keep all of that money." States opting out of the
Highway Trust Fund would still be required to meet certain federal highway
safety standards, as well as be responsible for maintenance of the interstate
highway system.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 25, 2009 Saturday 4:42 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 94  words


MESA, Ariz., April 24 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for fiscal
year 2009. This week's egregious earmark: $238,000 for historical interpretation
and education project exhibits at the Erie Canalway National Heritage Corridor
in Waterford, New York. "This is an eerie Erie earmark," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 24, 2009 Friday 6:13 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO HOST CONFERENCE FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS INTERESTED IN
SCHOLARSHIPS TO U.S. SERVICE ACADEMIES

LENGTH: 205  words


MESA, Ariz., April 20 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, will host an
information session for Arizona high school students who are interested in
scholarships to U.S. Service Academies. Representatives from the Air Force,
Army, Navy, Coast Guard, and Merchant Marines Academies will be on hand to
describe opportunities at the U.S. Service Academies and answer questions from
prospective students and parents. Members of Congressman Flake's staff will also
be on hand to explain the Congressional application process. All high school
students, regardless of age, are welcome and will find the conference helpful in
pursuing a nomination to a United States Service Academy. Questions can be
directed to Congressman Flake's Service Academy Representative, Kelly Hedman, at
480-833-0092. WHAT: Information Session on U.S. Service Academies WHEN:
Saturday, May 9, 2009 from 10:00 am to 12:00 pm WHERE: Mesa Convention Center
263 North Center Street - Building A Mesa, Arizona 85201 Superstition Ballroom
CONTACT: Kelly Hedman - 480-833-0092For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 23, 2009 Thursday 6:05 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES EARMARK REFORM LEGISLATION

LENGTH: 241  words


WASHINGTON, April 22 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today applauded legislation aimed at decoupling earmarks from campaign
contributions. Congressman Paul Hodes of New Hampshire and Congresswoman
Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona, both Democrats, today announced their intention
to introduce the bill. "No Member of Congress should be able to award no-bid
contracts - which is what many earmarks are - to private companies or other
institutions, particularly those whose executives and lobbyists turn around and
write campaign checks to that Member," said Flake. "Earmarks aren't a Democratic
problem or a Republican problem. They are a problem that infects the entire
Congress." "I don't care if the House moves Democratic legislation or Republic
legislation, as long as the problem is addressed. And I think this earmark
reform bill is a promising development." Congressman Flake also introduced
legislation in January that would prohibit Members of Congress from receiving
campaign contributions from earmark recipients. Members are currently prohibited
from seeking earmarks in which they have a "financial interest." H.Res.85 would
amend House Rules to expand the definition of "financial interest" to include
campaign contributions.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar,
Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 17, 2009 Friday 3:06 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 89  words


MESA, Ariz., April 16 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009, which President Obama recently signed into law. This week's
egregious earmark: $346,000 for apple fire blight in Michigan and New York.
"Another unappeeling earmark...," saidFor more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 14, 2009 Tuesday 4:16 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS OBAMA ADMINISTRATION'S LIFTING OF CUBAN-AMERICAN TRAVEL
RESTRICTIONS

LENGTH: 223  words


MESA, Ariz., April 13 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today applauded the Obama Administration's lifting of restrictions on
Cuban-American travel and remittances. "One would expect the Cuban government to
tell its citizens where they can and can't travel, but for our government to
impose similar restrictions has never made sense," said Flake. "Lifting
restrictions on Cuban-American travel and remittances is the right thing to do,
both for Cubans and their relatives living in the U.S. I applaud President Obama
for taking this step." "The Administration's move today is the first step in
lifting travel restrictions for all Americans. The Administration has done what
it can; congressional action is needed to take the next step." Congressman Bill
Delahunt of Massachusetts and Congressman Flake have introduced the Freedom to
Travel to Cuba Act (H.R. 874), which removes restrictions on Americans traveling
to Cuba. The bill has over 120 cosponsors. Congressman Flake believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and
travel restrictions currently imposed by the U.S.For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 4, 2009 Saturday 11:45 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE HIGHLIGHTS HOUSE EARMARK REFORM DEADLINE

LENGTH: 192  words


WASHINGTON, April 3 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted the House of Representatives' earmark request deadline for
fiscal year 2010. Today is the deadline. In February, the House Appropriations
Committee issued a new rule concerning FY10 earmark requests: "To offer more
opportunity for public scrutiny of Member requests, Members must post
information on the requests they have submitted to the Appropriations Committee
on their official House website at the time the request is made. The
Appropriations Committee will consider funding only those requests that have
been so posted." "It's not often that I praise the House Appropriations
Committee, but they deserve some credit for this modest reform," said Flake. "I
just hope that all Members making earmark requests have complied, and that the
Appropriations Committee strictly enforces this rule by not considering earmark
requests that have not been posted online by today."For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                   Copyright 2009 Targeted News Service LLC.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 4, 2009 Saturday 11:42 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 96  words


MESA, Ariz., April 3 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009, which President Obama recently signed into law. This week's
egregious earmark: $475,000 for Railroad Quiet Zones in Hamburg, New York. "Too
bad we couldn't keep this earmark train from leaving the station," said
Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                   Copyright 2009 Targeted News Service LLC.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 3, 2009 Friday 12:55 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR CHANGE IN CUBA TRAVEL POLICY

LENGTH: 164  words


WASHINGTON, April 2 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today joined with other members of the Cuba Working Group to call for
a change in the U.S.'s policy of prohibiting Americans to travel to Cuba.
Congressman Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts and Congressman Flake have introduced
the Freedom to Travel to Cuba Act (H.R. 874). The bill has over 120 cosponsors.
"After nearly 50 years, it's time to concede that our current policy toward Cuba
has failed," said Flake. "If we're serious about hastening democratic reforms in
Cuba, we need to try a new approach." Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s
current Cuba policy, believes that the most effective way to hasten democratic
reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and travel restrictions currently imposed by
the U.S.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                   Copyright 2009 Targeted News Service LLC.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 29, 2009 Sunday 1:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 88  words


MESA, Ariz., March 27 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009, which President Obama recently signed into law. This week's
egregious earmark: $94,000 for dairy and meat goat research in Texas. "Earmarks
really get my goat," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 26, 2009 Thursday 6:11 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE REACTS TO OBAMA ADMINISTRATION'S CALL FOR EXPANDED POWER TO SEIZE
FIRMS

LENGTH: 164  words


WASHINGTON, March 24 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today panned the Obama Administration's call for expanded power to seize private
companies whose failure it believes would pose a systemic risk to the economy.
"Many of us were not fans of the so-called Bush Doctrine of preemptive war,"
said Flake. "This emerging Obama Doctrine of preemptive seizure is equally
troubling. Any notion that private companies are better off with any
administration, Republican or Democrat, at the controls should have been
dispelled by now." "Rather than seizing companies whose failure it believes
would pose systemic risk to the economy, the federal government needs to make
clear that there are no more bailouts forthcoming. When it does, the market will
exert the necessary discipline."For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     March 21, 2009 Saturday 11:44 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 87  words


MESA, Ariz., March 20 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009, which President Obama recently signed into law. This week's
egregious earmark: $1,762,000 for the Honey Bee Lab in Weslaco, Texas. "This
really stings," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     March 21, 2009 Saturday 11:42 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES LEGISLATION ON MEXICAN TRUCKS

LENGTH: 169  words


WASHINGTON, March 19 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today introduced legislation to bring the U.S. into compliance with the North
American Free Trade Agreement by continuing the U.S./Mexico Cross-Border Land
Transportation Demonstration Program. H.R. 1611 would repeal language included
in the FY09 omnibus spending bill that prohibits funding for the demonstration
program. "It defies logic that the U.S. would risk a trade war during a
recession with our third largest trading partner just because we refuse to allow
fewer than 100 trucks from Mexico into the country," said Flake. Congressman
Flake also sent a letter to President Obama on Thursday offering to help the
Administration find a solution to this problem. To read the letter visit:
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/obamaletter.pdf.For more information please
contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 12, 2009 Thursday 2:22 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: PRESIDENT OBAMA PUNTS ON EARMARK REFORM

LENGTH: 235  words


WASHINGTON, March 11 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment in President Obama's proposed earmark reforms. "I
give President Obama credit for acknowledging that earmarks to private companies
can too easily lead to corruption," said Flake. "However, the reforms he
announced will do little to stem the practice, especially given Congress'
reluctance to reform itself." "Even if Congress implemented his reforms,
companies that are technically nonprofit organizations but serve as conduits to
private companies would not be affected." Congressman Flake pointed to
Concurrent Technologies Corporation in Johnstown, Pennsylvania and the
Electro-Optics Center at Penn State University as examples of organizations that
would not be affected by today's announcement. Both organizations have received
millions of dollars in earmarks. Both organizations also have ties to the PMA
Group, which is under federal investigation. "Unfortunately, it looks like we'll
have to wait for more indictments and convictions before we get meaningful
earmark reform." "Let's face it: any reform proposal from the White House that
doesn't come with a genuine veto threat will be ignored by Congress."For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 7, 2009 Saturday 12:03 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 101  words


WASHINGTON, March 6 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009, which the House of Representatives passed last week. This
week's egregious earmark: $550,000 for Chesapeake Bay blue crab research in
Annapolis, Maryland. "Taxpayers are already feeling blue, but now they'll really
be feeling the pinch," said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 5, 2009 Thursday 11:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES PRESIDENT OBAMA TO VETO OMNIBUS

LENGTH: 153  words


WASHINGTON, March 4 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today urged President Obama to veto the omnibus spending bill, which contains
over 8,500 earmarks. "It's unacceptable to simply say that this is last year's
budget," said Flake. "By signing this bill, President Obama takes on some
responsibility for these earmarks." "At the very least, President Obama needs to
outline how he plans to handle earmarks moving forward. It's inadequate to
simply set a ceiling on the number or total value of earmarks. Putting an end to
earmarks for private companies, which essentially constitute no-bid contracts,
would be a step in the right direction, at least in terms of eliminating the
corrupting nature of earmarks."For more information please contact: Sarabjit
Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 28, 2009 Saturday 11:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 93  words


MESA, Ariz., Feb. 27 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the omnibus spending bill for
fiscal year 2009, which the House of Representatives passed this week. This
week's egregious earmark: $476,000 for the Tomorrow's Aeronautical Museum in
Compton, California. "This earmark is naut a good idea," said Flake.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 27, 2009 Friday 11:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY PRESIDENT OBAMA BUDGET

LENGTH: 185  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 26 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment over the $3.55 trillion budget proposal for
fiscal year 2010 offered by President Obama. "For all of President Obama's talk
of fiscal responsibility, there's not a lot to point to in this budget," said
Flake. "I give the Administration credit for eliminating budget gimmicks used by
previous administrations, but this level of federal spending simply isn't
sustainable." "We can't spend our way out of this recession, but that apparently
won't stop us from trying." While there isn't much in President Obama's budget
proposal to please fiscal conservatives, Congressman Flake did praise the
Administration for proposing cuts to farm subsidy programs. However, Congressman
Flake favors using the savings for deficit reduction, rather than additional
funding for nutrition programs, as the Administration has proposed.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 26, 2009 Thursday 12:17 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY HOUSE REJECTION OF EARMARK RESOLUTION

LENGTH: 157  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 25 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that the House of Representatives tabled a
privileged resolution he offered directing the House Ethics Committee to
investigate the relationship between earmarks and campaign contributions.
"Whether or not Congress wants to admit it, our own ethics guidelines on
earmarks and campaign contributions are weak," said Flake. "When Members of
Congress can give no-bid contracts to campaign donors, we've got a problem." By
tabling the resolution, the House prevented any debate on it and effectively
killed it. All but two Republicans opposed the vote to table the resolution, and
17 Democrats joined Republicans in opposing the resolution's tabling.For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 24, 2009 Tuesday 11:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE FINDS PMA GROUP EARMARKS IN OMNIBUS

LENGTH: 242  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 23 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today found at least eight earmarks in the omnibus spending bill for clients of
the PMA Group, an earmark lobbying firm reportedly under federal investigation.
"If clients of a lobbying firm currently under federal investigation are
receiving earmarks in it, this bill has not received adequate scrutiny," said
Flake. Congressman Flake's staff has not yet finished searching the list of
approximately 8,000 earmarks, but eight earmarks for PMA Group clients have
already been found: * NuVant Systems, Inc. - Direct Methanol Fuel Cell -
$951,500 * PPG, Inc. - Solar Energy Windows and Smart IR Switchable Building
Technologies - $1,189,375 * Alpha Micron, Inc. - Adaptive Liquid Crystal Windows
- $951,500 * Quallion - Anti-idling Lithium Ion Battery Program -$951,500 *
Parametric Technology Corp. - Advanced Engineering Environment for Sandia
National Lab - $1,427,250 * Parametric Technology Corp. - Multi-Disciplined
Integrated Collaborative Environment (MDICE) - $951,500 * Intelligent Optical
Systems, Inc. - Hydrogen Optical Fiber Sensors - $951,500 * Connecticut Center
for Advanced Technology Inc. - CATALYST: Explorations in Aerospace and
Innovation Education Program - $400,000.For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 21, 2009 Saturday 11:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 93  words


MESA, Ariz., Feb. 20 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008. This week's egregious earmark: $686,000 for renovation of
the historic Theatre on the Lake in Chicago, Illinois. "If Congress didn't fund
this earmark, it would be historic theatre," said Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 20, 2009 Friday 12:50 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES WHITE HOUSE TO RESIST FURTHER AID FOR AUTOMAKERS

LENGTH: 108  words


MESA, Ariz., Feb. 19 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today urged the Obama Administration to resist domestic automakers' requests for
more money. "More money won't make domestic automakers solvent," said Flake.
"Bankruptcy gives the automakers a better shot at long-term solvency." "If
automakers plan to ask the federal government for periodic infusions of cash so
they can stay afloat, they may as well change their names to Amtrak."For more
information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 19, 2009 Thursday 11:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PANS PRESIDENT OBAMA'S MORTGAGE BAILOUT PLAN

LENGTH: 129  words


MESA, Ariz., Feb. 18 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today panned the mortgage bailout plan vaguely outlined by President Obama. "How
will borrowing more money to pay for bad loans solve the problem?" said Flake.
"It simply shifts the debt to taxpayers." "President Obama's talk of individual
responsibility seems to be at odds with the details of the plan." "The 'cram
down' provision, allowing bankruptcy judges to write down loans on primary
residences, is particularly troublesome. It will be disastrous in the long term
by raising mortgage costs for everyone."For more information please contact:
Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 14, 2009 Saturday 11:42 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST STIMULUS

LENGTH: 143  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 13 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today voted against a massive spending bill purported to stimulate the economy.
"This bill is little more than a grab bag of liberal programs, projects, and
policies that Congressional Democrats have wanted to institute for years," said
Flake. Earlier this week, the House of Representatives voted unanimously to give
Members of Congress and the public 48 hours to review the bill before it
receives a vote. However, Congressional leaders ignored that vote, thus
obscuring details of the bill until after its passage. "We'll be finding out
what's in this bill for months to come," predicted Flake.For more information
please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 14, 2009 Saturday 11:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

LENGTH: 85  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 13 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008. This week's egregious earmark: $222,000 for greenhouse
lettuce germplasm in Salinas, California. "Lettuce allow this earmark to wilt,"
said Flake.For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 13, 2009 Friday 12:50 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR BETTER TRACKING OF WEAPONS GOING INTO AFGHANISTAN

LENGTH: 238  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 12 -- Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following
press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, ranking member of the National Security and
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee, today called for better tracking of U.S.-supplied
weapons going into Afghanistan. A hearing today by the House Oversight and
Government Reform Committee's National Security and Foreign Affairs Subcommittee
examined a Government Accountability Office report that the U.S. military cannot
account for nearly one-third of weapons supplied to Afghan forces. "With
millions of dollars of weaponry unaccounted for, taxpayers have every right to
be concerned," said Flake. "But more troubling is the prospect that these
missing weapons may end up in the hands of militants, making the job of U.S.
troops even more difficult and dangerous." Congressman Flake expressed
disappointment that Democrats on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee
did not give officials from the Departments of Defense and State adequate notice
to be able to appear before the subcommittee to outline the Obama
Administration's proposals to address this problem. "As the Obama Administration
debates whether or not to send additional troops to Afghanistan, the Defense
Department needs to act quickly to address this issue. I look forward to their
proposal."For more information please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, Email:-
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 6, 2009 Friday 12:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 77  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $5,000,000 to enhance the quality of life of
residents of Washington, D.C.

"Earmarks certainly enhance the quality of life of D.C. lobbyists," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 30, 2009 Friday 1:30 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $98,000 for renovation of the Wakely Lodge Resort
in Hamilton County, New York.

"I think taxpayers may want to lodge a complaint over this pork project," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 27, 2009 Tuesday 11:32 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE FILES AMENDMENTS TO STIMULUS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today filed several amendments to the economic stimulus that the House of
Representatives will consider this week.

Recognizing that funding from the bill will be wasted, the stimulus includes a
provision that precludes casinos, aquariums, zoos, golf courses, and swimming
pools from receiving funds from the bill.

Congressman Flake has drafted an amendment that would expand the list to include
duck ponds, museums, skate parks, equestrian centers, dog parks, ski hills,
historic homes, ice rinks, splash playgrounds, and speaker systems.

The list was created using the U.S. Conference of Mayors' wish list of pork
projects that are "ready to go" when they receive funding from the stimulus.

"The inclusion of the original provision preventing zoos and swimming pools from
getting money is an acknowledgement that a lot of the money going to local
governments will be wasted on pork," said Flake. "Why not expand the list to
include many of the other pork projects on the mayors' wish list?"

Congressman Flake also has filed amendments to limit funding in the bill for
Amtrak, AmeriCorps, and the National Endowment for the Arts.

Congressman Flake does not support the stimulus as currently drafted. He favors
an alternative offered by the Republican Study Committee which relies on tax
cuts, rather than government spending, to stimulate the economy.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 23, 2009 Friday 12:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 for the Center for Entrepreneurial
Growth in Hamilton County, Tennessee.

"When did the 'invisible hand' become an 'invisible handout'?" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 23, 2009 Friday 12:05 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA REGARDING EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 161  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today sent a letter to President Obama applauding his insistence that the
massive economic stimulus bill exclude earmarks.

However, Congressman Flake said that efforts to make the spending process more
accountable and transparent would be undermined if earmarks were included in the
upcoming FY09 omnibus spending bill.

"It sends a conflicting message to taxpayers to say that earmarks in the
stimulus are unacceptable, but earmarks in the omnibus are okay," said Flake.

"Members of Congress will have no opportunity to scrutinize or challenge
earmarks included in the omnibus, so I hope that the standard that President
Obama has set for the stimulus is applied to the omnibus as well."

* Congressman Flake's letter to President Obama:
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/obama_letter.pdf

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 16, 2009 Friday 11:44 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $376,000 for the Center for Sustainable Life
Support for Human Space Exploration at North Carolina State University.

"One small expenditure for Congress, one giant blow to Congress' credibility,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 14, 2009 Wednesday 12:41 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES LEGISLATION TO CRACK DOWN ON ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT DUIS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 161  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, has
introduced legislation that makes repeated convictions for driving under the
influence (DUI) a deportable offense for noncitizens.

Under current law, DUI convictions that are not an aggravated felony carry no
immigration penalties or consequences. H.R. 373 increases penalties for legal
and illegal immigrants by making three DUI convictions a deportable offense.

"It defies logic that an illegal immigrant repeatedly convicted of drunk driving
wouldn't be deported," said Flake.

"Arizona is in desperate need of comprehensive immigration reform. However,
until we can enact comprehensive reform, we need to move ahead on commonsense
fixes like this."

H.R. 373 was a provision of the STRIVE Act, which Congressman Flake introduced
with Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois in 2007.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 9, 2009 Friday 1:35 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 76  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,008,000 for the Center for Food Industry
Excellence in Lubbock, Texas.

"Taxpayers may have a hard time stomaching this earmark," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 8, 2009 Thursday 1:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ANNOUNCES COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS FOR 111TH CONGRESS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 182  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today announced his committee assignments for the 111th Congress.

Congressman Flake retained his seat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee.

Congressman Flake also retained his seat on the House Committee on Natural
Resources, which has jurisdiction over many issues directly affecting Arizona,
such as water rights, public lands, and relations with Native American tribes.

Despite lobbying for a seat on the House Appropriations Committee, where he
could have a greater impact on earmark reform, Congressman Flake was named to
the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.

"Naturally, I'm disappointed that I wasn't appointed to the Appropriations
Committee," said Flake. "I've long felt that the Appropriations Committee has
neglected its oversight responsibilities, and it would have been nice to do
something about it. But I'm excited about serving on the Oversight and
Government Reform Committee."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 19, 2008 Friday 12:15 AM  EST

U.S. MAYORS READY PORK FOR STIMULUS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today urged Congress not to include pork projects when it considers an economic
stimulus bill early next year.

"If pork-barrel spending stimulated the economy, we wouldn't be in a recession
right now," said Flake. "Pro-growth tax cuts would be a more effective economic
stimulus than pork projects."

The U.S. Conference of Mayors has released a list of pork projects that are
"ready to go" if funding is included in the stimulus.

A sampling of the pork projects on the mayors' wish list:

* $2.4 million for a park and splash playground in Miami, Florida

* $6 million for a rental car facility in Des Moines, Iowa

* $180,000 for park and zoo restrooms in Pocatello, Idaho

* $700,000 for ornamental lighting for Riverdale, Illinois

* $6 million to renovate the Lyric Theatre in Lexington, Kentucky

* $500,000 for a bus washer in Lewiston, Maine

* $650,000 for playground equipment in Columbia, Missouri

* $150,000 to paint a water tank in Bay Springs, Mississippi

* $4 million to buy homes affected by airport noise in Concord, North Carolina

* $2.5 million for the American Tobacco Trail in Durham, North Carolina

* $4 million for in-ground pools in Elizabeth, New Jersey

* $1.1 million for the Silco Theater in Silver City, New Mexico

* $20 million for a sports complex in Henderson, Nevada

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 19, 2008 Friday 12:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 73  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $698,000 for sugar beet research in Kimberly,
Idaho.

"When it comes to wasting taxpayer money, nobody beets Congress," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 12, 2008 Friday 12:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 70  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $461,000 for Pine Mountain Lake in Arkansas.

"Taxpayers are pining for an earmark-free budget," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   December 10, 2008 Wednesday 12:50 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OPPOSES AUTO BAILOUT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today opposed legislation to bail out domestic automakers.

"Bankruptcy is the best option if domestic automakers hope to be solvent in the
long term," said Flake. "This bailout is simply a very expensive way of delaying
the inevitable."

"With the appointment of a 'car czar,' this legislation is a perfect example of
what Friedrich Hayek called the 'fatal conceit' - the belief that elected
officials and bureaucrats can outguess millions of decisions made by independent
actors in the marketplace."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 5, 2008 Friday 12:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 76  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $790,000 for the Sleepy Grass campgrounds and
picnic grounds in New Mexico.

"Trying to get Congress to stop earmarking ain't no picnic," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 3, 2008 Wednesday 1:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SPEAKER PELOSI WRONG ON AUTO BAILOUT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today reacted to comments made by Speaker Nancy Pelosi that allowing domestic
automakers to file for bankruptcy was "not an option."

"Not only should bankruptcy be an option for domestic automakers, but it is
considered by most experts to be the best option," said Flake.

"Because domestic automakers are burdened by labor agreements that put them at a
competitive disadvantage, bankruptcy is an opportunity to lessen those costs and
level the playing field."

"I believe that domestic automakers will have to file for bankruptcy eventually.
It's in the interests of both automakers and taxpayers that Congress not delay
the inevitable with a huge bailout."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 26, 2008 Wednesday 1:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARKS OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 91  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted pork projects contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmarks: $173,000 for the National Wild Turkey
Federation, $118,000 for cranberry research in Massachusetts, and $1,104,000 for
potato research in Oregon, Washington, Maine, and Idaho.

"Ending earmarks like these would be just gravy," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 21, 2008 Friday 12:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 72  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $770,000 for oyster revitalization in the
Delaware Bay.

"I guess sometimes you have to put swine before pearls," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 20, 2008 Thursday 12:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO SEEK SEAT ON HOUSE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today announced that he would seek a seat on the House Appropriations Committee
in the 111th Congress.

Congressman Flake believes that, in order to regain credibility on fiscal
issues, Republicans need to demonstrate their commitment to reining in runaway
spending.

"It is difficult for Republicans to convince voters that we have turned a corner
on spending if we continue to use the House Appropriations Committee as little
more than a vehicle for securing earmarks," said Flake in a letter to House
Republican Leader John Boehner. "Wouldn't it make sense to have at least one
member on the Committee who doesn't seek earmarks?"

Congressman Flake sought a seat on the House Appropriations Committee in January
2008 but was passed over for the position.

For more information:

Congressman Flake's letter to Republican Leader Boehner requesting a seat on the
House Appropriations Committee:
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/appropsletter.pdf

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 20, 2008 Thursday 12:53 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REACTS TO ARIZONA GOV. NAPOLITANO'S LIKELY SELECTION AS DHS SECRETARY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 118  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today reacted to reports that Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano is likely to be
selected by President-Elect Obama to serve as Secretary of the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS).

"Given the role that DHS performs in border security, I hope that Governor
Napolitano's experience as a border state governor will bring a fresh
perspective to the department," said Flake.

"Obviously, I had hoped that Senator McCain would be selecting a cabinet now,
but I wish her the best of luck at DHS and offer her any assistance I can give."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 18, 2008 Tuesday 1:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR REVIEW OF SEN. STEVENS EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressmen Jeff Flake and John Campbell today sent a letter to the
Chairmen of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees requesting that
earmarks secured by Senator Ted Stevens in fiscal year 2008 be reviewed before
they are awarded.

Senator Stevens was convicted last month of failing to report gifts.

"Despite the fact that Senator Stevens was under indictment for corruption
charges, his 39 earmarks worth $240 million received scant scrutiny this year,"
said Flake. "I would hope that his conviction spurs Congress to examine these
earmarks more closely before they are awarded."

"If the Appropriations Committee isn't interested in scrutinizing the earmarks
of a convicted Senator, I think we can fairly conclude that the Appropriations
Committee isn't interested in scrutinizing earmarks at all."

For more information: Congressmen Flake and Campbell's Letter to the
Appropriations Committees:
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/stevensletter.pdf

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 17, 2008 Monday 12:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REITERATES OBJECTIONS TO AUTO BAILOUT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today reiterated his objections to bailing out the automotive industry.

"If there was ever an industry in need of bankruptcy reorganization, it's the
auto industry," said Flake. "Congress lacks the guts, not to mention expertise,
to do what's needed in order to save the auto industry."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 14, 2008 Friday 1:12 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $490,000 for Stoopville Road improvements in
Newton, Pennsylvania.

"Congressional earmarking continues to stoop to new lows," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      November 7, 2008 Friday 1:42 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE, SEN. COBURN ASK FOR EXECUTIVE ORDER ON EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Congressman Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Senator Tom Coburn, M.D. (R-OK) have sent a
letter to President Bush requesting an executive order reforming the earmark
process.

President Bush issued an executive order in January 2008 that directed federal
agencies to disregard earmarks that had not been codified into law. However,
Congress has been able to circumvent the order through legislative manipulation.

An additional executive order issued this year will help the Obama
Administration reform the practice.

"The Republican Party's indulgence in earmarks helped decimate its ranks in
Congress and its reputation for fiscal responsibility," said Dr. Coburn. "By
strengthening his executive order against this secretive process, President Bush
will not only help the Republican Party regain its bearings, but give
President-elect Obama more tools to combat this wasteful practice. In a time of
economic turmoil the last thing members of Congress should be doing is
distracting themselves with narrow, parochial interests."

"President-elect Obama is going to be under tremendous pressure from
congressional leaders to turn a blind eye to earmarks," said Congressman Flake.
"He could really use this tool to if he wants to succeed in curbing pork."

Related Documents

Coburn-Flake Letter to Bush:
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/Bushearmarkletter.pdf

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      November 7, 2008 Friday 1:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $245,000 to renovate rehearsal and office space
at the Maine State Music Theatre in Brunswick, Maine.

"Regarding this earmark for Maine, Congress should refrain," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 31, 2008 Friday 2:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 76  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $305,500 for the Learning Through Listening
Program in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

"Congress has been neither listening nor learning," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 28, 2008 Tuesday 1:51 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO PRESIDENT BUSH CRITICIZING PROPOSED AUTO BAILOUT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today sent a letter to President Bush regarding reports that the Treasury
Department may use funds from the bank bailout to assist struggling automotive
companies.

News reports have also indicated that General Motors and Chrysler would use
bailout funds to complete a merger, with the federal government receiving an
equity stake in the new company.

"Many of us feared that the nationalization of the financial sector would spread
to other industries," said Flake. "Today it's the automakers asking for a
bailout; tomorrow we can expect the airline industry and other struggling
industries to be next in line."

"If liquidity is the issue, measures such as cutting the corporate tax rate,
suspending the tax on capital gains, and removing penalties for the repatriation
of foreign assets are far better options than putting the federal government in
the position of choosing winners and losers in the economy."

To read the letter, visit: http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/autobailout.pdf

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 23, 2008 Thursday 1:23 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $212,000 for olive fruit fly research in
Montpellier, France.

"From freedom fries to fruit flies - I guess the little piggies were really
saying, 'Oui! Oui! Oui!' all the way home," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 22, 2008 Wednesday 1:58 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PANS USDA SUGGESTION OF ETHANOL BAILOUT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today panned a suggestion by the U.S. Department of Agriculture that it might
bail out ethanol producers hurt by corn prices.

"The federal government's ethanol policies have driven up the price of corn,"
said Flake. "But rather than reforming the policies that have caused a spike in
corn prices, the federal government wants to bail out ethanol producers who
speculated on the price of corn. Only the U.S. Department of Agriculture could
dream up a policy like this."

"The high price of corn has had a ripple effect over our entire economy. Instead
of trying to bail out every industry hurt by it, the federal government needs to
take a serious look at reforming our ethanol policies."

Congressman Flake has introduced the RIPE Act (H.R. 5911), which would repeal
government incentives to produce ethanol, including the renewable fuel standard,
tax credits for ethanol producers, and tariffs and duties on importing ethanol.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 17, 2008 Friday 12:22 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 94  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $78,000 to expand the afterschool Homework
Assistance Program at the Lynwood Public Library in Lynwood, California.

"Given the deficits we're running, I don't know if it's wise to have the federal
government help kids with their math homework," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 15, 2008 Wednesday 12:18 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE EXPRESSES CONCERN OVER BANK NATIONALIZATION PLAN

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed several concerns as the Treasury Department begins to
nationalize many of the country's largest banks.

"I recognize that, despite the concerns of many in Congress about inserting
government more deeply into the private sector, a new plan to partially
nationalize the country's banks is moving ahead," said Flake. "Particularly
disconcerting are reports that this involvement is being forced on many banking
institutions who are seeking no government assistance."

"A concern shared by many in Congress is that the federal government will use
its ownership of these financial institutions as a way to enact social policy.
For example, will the government force its banks to freeze foreclosures even
when such an action would clearly not be in the best interest of the banks'
success? Will these banks be required to make loans to those who are clearly not
in a position to repay? Will we see the problems of home mortgage intervention
in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac now multiplied with business and consumer loans?
And, having found a powerful instrument of social policy, will the government be
tempted to continue its ownership in these banks even when this crisis is over?"

"Another worry is that the federal government will create an uneven playing
field for private banks competing with banks owned in part by the government.
Will government grants and contracts be awarded fairly when the government may
have a direct financial stake in the outcome? Will Congress write legislation
that favors government-owned banks over private institutions?"

"As the Treasury Department implements this plan, I hope they give consideration
to these questions."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 10, 2008 Friday 12:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 74  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $207,000 for Barbers Point Harbor in Oahu,
Hawaii.

"You would think Congress could at least take a little off the top," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 3, 2008 Friday 12:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 69  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $112,000 for rodent control in Alaska.

"Let's gopher a little fiscal responsibility instead," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 3, 2008 Friday 12:58 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST BAILOUT BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today released the following statement regarding his opposition to the bailout
bill:

"While this bill did contain some modest improvements," said Flake, "it didn't
address my primary concern - that this legislation will fundamentally alter the
relationship between the federal government and the private sector."

"There are myriad concerns that come with the federal government owning a stake
in so many private banks and businesses. Once we go down this road, it's going
to be very difficult to turn back."

"While I did not support this bill, I do believe that action is needed. Measures
like allowing U.S. companies to repatriate overseas capital without penalty and
suspending the capital gains tax, rather than flooding the market with taxpayer
money, are preferable ways to create liquidity."

"I fear that, with the passage of this bill, Congress will spend years dealing
with its unintended consequences."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 29, 2008 Monday 1:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REACTS TO FAILURE OF BAILOUT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today released the following statement regarding the House of Representative's
vote against the bailout legislation:

"Given the House's failure to pass this bailout, Congress needs to come back and
pass legislation that will stabilize the markets by increasing liquidity and
making meaningful reforms in the financial services sector," said Flake. "House
Republicans have a proposal to do that."

"The House Republican proposal includes privately funded mortgage insurance with
risk-based premiums to provide relief to the financial services sector without
making taxpayers liable. To create liquidity in the market, the House Republican
plan includes a voluntary suspension on dividend payments and a repatriation
window for profits earned by U.S. companies overseas. The House Republican
proposal also includes meaningful reforms of the financial services sector, like
limits on federal backing for high-risk loans and credit rating agency reform."

"House Republicans have an alternative proposal; Congress needs to come back and
act on it immediately."

Congressman Flake voted against the bailout today because it would have exposed
taxpayers to hundreds of billions of dollars of liability.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 28, 2008 Sunday 1:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OPPOSES BAILOUT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today issued the following statement regarding the bailout agreement:

"After having a chance to review the details of the bailout agreement, I will
not be supporting the legislation," said Flake. "Despite efforts by the House
Republican Leadership to add some needed sanity to the proposal, this bailout
still exposes taxpayers to hundreds of billions of dollars of liability."

"We find ourselves in this predicament largely because implicit, and eventually
explicit, federal guarantees in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shielded the
financial services sector from market discipline. The way out of this mess is
not to insert government deeper into the free market."

"We don't have enough money in the federal treasury, nor can we responsibly
borrow enough money to keep the market from finding its eventual bottom. Trying
to do so will simply prolong the crisis."

"We do face a looming economic crisis, but there are other actions Congress can
take to calm the markets and increase liquidity without exposing taxpayers to so
much liability. Such actions were outlined in an alternative proposal offered by
Rep. Ryan and Rep. Cantor. We should act on this proposal immediately."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 26, 2008 Friday 12:31 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $2,000,000 for university-based automotive
research in Ann Arbor, Michigan.

"I haven't seen an idea this bad since the Edsel," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 19, 2008 Friday 1:36 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $292,000 for the Exploratorium in San Francisco,
California for its Bay Area Science Teacher Recruitment, Retention, and
Improvement Initiative.

"First your heart, now your money," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 17, 2008 Wednesday 12:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: NO MORE BAILOUTS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 161  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today chided the federal government for continuing to bail out companies and
industries in the private sector.

"The federal government's propensity to bail out failing companies in struggling
industries ought to be troubling to all taxpayers," said Flake. "Aside from the
fiscal impact of spending money that the federal government doesn't have, these
bailouts will likely have the opposite of their intended effect."

"Federal bailouts may stave off short-term economic damage, but the long-term
economic outlook will be much worse if the market is not allowed to make its own
adjustments."

"While the Bush Administration certainly shares blame for these bailouts, this
Congress may designate itself as the 'Bailout Congress' if we follow through on
a rumored bailout of the auto industry."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 12, 2008 Friday 1:26 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75 words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $940,000 for the Adler Planetarium's Space
Exploration Center in Chicago, Illinois.

"Congress continues to Klingon to earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 9, 2008 Tuesday 1:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: BRIDGE TO NOWHERE MAY HAVE BEEN KILLED, BUT MANY OTHER WASTEFUL PORK
PROJECTS LIVE ON

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today chided Congress for moving ahead with legislation to transfer $8 billion
from the general fund to the Highway Trust Fund.

SAFETEA-LU, the most recent transportation bill, contained over 6,000 earmarks
totaling over $24 billion. With elevated gas prices causing decreased demand,
fuel tax revenue to the Highway Trust Fund will not cover all of the earmarks
that Congress stuffed into the bill. Rather than rescinding earmarks, Congress
is moving ahead on a plan to transfer $8 billion from the general fund to pay
for all of the pork.

"While the Bridge to Nowhere got most of the attention, it was far from the only
boondoggle in the transportation bill," said Flake. "Instead of cutting the
projects Congress doesn't have money to pay for, we're casting fiscal
responsibility aside and taking money from the general fund to pay for our
pork."

Congressman Flake has authored the ROAD Act (H.R. 6534), which would help bridge
the Highway Trust Fund shortfall by rescinding unspent earmark funds within
SAFETEA-LU.

A Few Examples of Wasteful SAFETEA-LU Projects:

* $10 million for an interchange between I-75 and Coconut Road in Lee County,
Florida.

* $45 million for a "MagLev" train to carry passengers from Disneyland to Las
Vegas.

* $630 million total for four highway projects in Bakersfield, California,
including $140 million for the Bakersfield Beltway and $330 million for the
Centennial Corridor Loop.

* $16.8 million for a tunnel as part of the Bremerton Pedestrian Transportation
Center in Washington state.

* $3.232 million for a parking garage in a Chicago suburb.

* $3.5 million for pedestrian walkways and "streetscaping" in the Village of
Western Springs, Illinois.

* $1.6 million for a bike path in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin.

* $3.6 million for Independence National Park in Pennsylvania for scenic
enhancement and pedestrian walkways improvement in conjunction with the park's
Executive Mansion Exhibit.

* $2 million for an intermodal center at the Philadelphia Zoo.

* $1.6 million to complete the American Tobacco Trail in North Carolina.

* $800,000 for a Transportation and Heritage Museum in Townsend, Tennessee.

* $4 million for bike trails and park space in Calexico, California.

* $2.32 million for landscaping along the Ronald Reagan Freeway in California.

* $1 million for improvements to access roads at the "Please Touch Museum" in
Philadelphia.

* $1.2 million for improvements to the Blue Ridge Music Center in Virginia.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 8, 2008 Monday 12:21 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: ALLEVIATE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND SHORTFALL BY RESCINDING EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today called on Congress to alleviate the Highway Trust Fund shortfall by
rescinding transportation earmarks rather than transferring money from the
general fund.

"Congress spent more money on earmarks than there was money to pay for them,"
said Flake. "Instead of taking money from the general fund for these earmarks,
Congress needs to go on a pork diet."

Congressman Flake has authored the ROAD Act (H.R. 6534), which would help bridge
the shortfall by rescinding unspent earmark funds within SAFETEA-LU, the 2005
transportation bill. SAFETEA-LU contained over 6,000 earmarks totaling over $24
billion.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 29, 2008 Friday 12:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $141,000 for the Alaska Native Harbor Seal
Commission.

"Earmarks are an expensive way for Congress to give its seal of approval," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 22, 2008 Friday 1:50 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $98,000 for the Philadelphia Art Museum's
Exterior Fa?ade in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

"Looks like these earmark reform efforts may have just been a fa?ade," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 15, 2008 Friday 1:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 68  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $208,000 for peach tree disease life in South
Carolina.

"This earmark is the pits," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    August 13, 2008 Wednesday 12:31 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO RETURN TO CONGRESS TO CONTINUE ENERGY PROTEST

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 98  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, will
return to the House floor tomorrow to call on Speaker Pelosi to allow Congress
to vote on a bill permitting offshore drilling.

The Democratic majority in Congress adjourned for August, but many House
Republicans have stayed behind and continue to debate energy policy.

"Republicans will continue to push for a vote on offshore drilling until the
Democratic majority finally allows a vote," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 7, 2008 Thursday 1:23 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 70 words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $79,000 for the Wyoming Soil Survey Project.

"Looks like another congressman just hit pay dirt," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       August 1, 2008 Friday 2:39 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON PRESIDENT BUSH TO CALL CONGRESS INTO SPECIAL SESSION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today called on President Bush to call Congress into a special session during
August.

Without voting on legislation to address rising gas prices, the Democratic
majority in the House of Representatives adjourned today until September.

"I often say that taxpayers are better off when Congress is out of session,"
said Flake, "but adjourning for August without voting on legislation allowing
more domestic energy production will only exacerbate rising fuel costs."

"President Bush ought to call us back into session and force us to deal with an
issue that Democrats have thus far been reluctant to address."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       August 1, 2008 Friday 2:37 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 76  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $3,600,000 for Nanotechnology Fuze-on-a-Chip in
Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

"Memories of a fiscally responsible Congress are a little fuzzy," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 31, 2008 Thursday 7:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER AMENDMENT TO MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SPENDING BILL ELIMINATING
EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 162  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, and
Congressman John Campbell of California today will offer an amendment to the
Military Construction/Veterans Affairs (MilCon/VA) appropriations bill that
would eliminate the 103 member-sponsored earmarks contained in the legislation.

The MilCon/VA bill contains 510 earmarks, most of them sponsored by the
Pentagon. The Flake-Campbell amendment targets only the 103 earmarks not
sponsored by the Pentagon, but added by members of Congress.

"Military funding ought to be distributed based on the needs of our military,
not by the congressional spoils system," said Flake.

"This may be the only earmark reform vote that members will cast during this
year's appropriations process. The outcome of this amendment ought to give
taxpayers a sense of how seriously Congress takes earmark reform."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 25, 2008 Friday 4:58 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 85  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $13,395,000 to provide relief due to economic
losses due to new fishing limitations on fishermen in Suffolk County,
Massachusetts.

"Give a man an earmark and you have fed him for today..." said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 18, 2008 Friday 11:20 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $220,500 for the restoration of an old school
building for community use in Bacon County, Georgia.

"Now that's what I call bringing home the bacon to Bacon," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     July 16, 2008 Wednesday 11:27 PM  EST

REPS. CAMPBELL, FLAKE ANNOUNCE PLANS TO STRIKE ANY EARMARKS FOR CHAIRMAN
RANGEL'S 'MONUMENT TO ME'

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Congressman John Campbell of California and Congressman Jeff Flake of Arizona
today announced plans to challenge any earmarks in FY09 appropriations bills for
Chairman Charles Rangel's "Monument to Me."

The Washington Post reported yesterday that Chairman Rangel has secured a total
of three earmarks for the City College of New York's proposed Charles B. Rangel
Center for Public Service.

"Last year, 316 Members of Congress voted against our amendment to stop an
earmark for Charlie Rangel's 'Monument to Me," said Campbell. "The question now
remains whether these members will continue to enable Rangel's bad behavior."

"This project was bad enough when we thought it was just one earmark," said
Flake, "but this appears to be an ongoing effort to milk federal taxpayers. If
Chairman Rangel tries to slip any more earmarks for his 'Monument to Me' into
this year's spending bills, Congressman Campbell and I plan to strike them."

The City College of New York received an earmark for $450,000 in the
Transportation-Treasury-HUD Appropriations bill for FY06 for "the planning,
design, and construction of the Center for Public Service." The College received
two more earmarks in the Omnibus Appropriations bill for FY08: a $245,000
earmark for "planning, design, construction, renovation, and build out of a
multipurpose educational facility" and a $1,950,000 earmark for "the Charles B.
Rangel Center for Public Service to prepare individuals for careers in public
service, which may include establishing an endowment, library and archives for
such center."

Congressman John Campbell offered an amendment last year to strike the latter
earmark, but the House of Representatives voted 316 to 108 to keep the earmark.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 11, 2008 Friday 12:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $590,000 for operations and maintenance at the
Atomic Testing Museum in Las Vegas, Nevada.

"What happens in Vegas shouldn't be paid for in Washington," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 10, 2008 Thursday 12:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES LEGISLATION TO ALLEVIATE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND SHORTFALL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 127  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today introduced legislation to alleviate an expected $8 billion shortfall in
the Highway Trust Fund.

Rather than taking money from the general fund, Congressman Flake's legislation
would help bridge the shortfall by rescinding unspent earmark funds within
SAFETEA-LU, the 2005 transportation bill. SAFETEA-LU contained over 6,000
earmarks totaling over $24 billion.

"Congress larded up the transportation bill with more earmarks than there was
money to pay for them," said Flake. "Instead of taking money from the general
fund for these earmarks, Congress needs to go on a pork diet."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 3, 2008 Thursday 1:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 73  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,477,000 for the Benjamin Franklin Memorial in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

"Earmarks are all about the benjamins," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     June 25, 2008 Wednesday 12:17 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PANS SPEAKER PELOSI PLAN TO REVIVE THE FAIRNESS DOCTRINE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 147  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today panned a plan by Speaker Pelosi to block the Broadcaster Freedom Act,
offered by Congressman Mike Pence of Indiana, which would prevent the
reinstatement of the Fairness Doctrine.

"Rather than having the government regulate what people can say, it's far more
preferable to let the market decide what people want to hear," said Flake.
"That's precisely why the so-called Fairness Doctrine was abandoned, and that's
why it ought not to be revived."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Pence, offered an amendment last year
to the Financial Services Appropriations bill that prevented the Federal
Communications Commission from reinstating the Fairness Doctrine. The amendment
passed 309 to 115.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 20, 2008 Friday 12:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 70  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $298,000 for tick-borne disease prevention in
Rhode Island.

"This earmark really ticks me off," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 20, 2008 Friday 12:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST WAR SUPPLEMENTAL SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
voted against the emergency supplemental appropriations bill, which contained
funding for operations in Iraq and Afghanistan as well as funding for other
measures.

The bill was separated into two amendments - the first amendment contained
funding for operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and the second amendment
contained funding for an expanded GI benefit, disaster relief, and other
extraneous spending.

Congressman Flake voted against the first amendment because he objected to using
an emergency supplemental bill to fund war operations. An emergency supplemental
bill is not subject to the budget constraints and authorization that it would
receive under the normal budget process.

"We're in the sixth year of this war," said Flake. "We knew last year that we'd
need to fund the war this year, just as we know this year that we'll need to
fund the war next year. There's no reason why this funding shouldn't go through
the normal budget process. Designating it as 'emergency spending' just isn't an
honest way to spend money."

Congressman Flake also voted against the second amendment, which included
numerous extraneous spending items not directly related to operations in Iraq
and Afghanistan. The amendment appropriated over $21 billion and included
funding for an expanded GI benefit, an extension of unemployment benefits, a
moratorium on certain Medicaid regulations, disaster relief for floods and
tornadoes in the Midwest, international disaster assistance, military
construction projects, levees and housing vouchers in Louisiana, science
research, Food and Drug Administration operations, Bureau of Prisons costs, and
U.S. Census cost overruns.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 13, 2008 Friday 1:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 72  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $846,000 for the Father's Day Rally Committee,
Inc. in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

"This sure beats a new tie," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 8, 2008 Sunday 1:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE MOURNS PASSING OF ARIZONA STATE SEN. FLAKE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 129  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today mourns the passing of Arizona State Senator Jake Flake.

"Words cannot express the sadness we all feel at the passing of Jake Flake,"
said Flake. "His family has lost a loving father, his church a devoted servant,
his community a loyal advocate, and Arizona a great statesman."

"On a personal level, I have lost a caring uncle and mentor."

Jake Flake represented Arizona's Fifth Legislative District in the Arizona State
Senate. He previously served as Speaker of the Arizona House of Representatives.
He is survived by his wife, Mary Louise, 12 of his 13 children, and over 50
grandchildren.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 6, 2008 Friday 1:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $48,000 for the Eccles Ice Center in North Logan,
Utah to expand the science, physical education, and creative movement program.

"We could sure use Tonya Harding and her ex-husband to kneecap this earmark,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 2, 2008 Monday 12:22 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 73  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $394,000 for Aunt Lydia's Cove in Chatham,
Massachusetts.

"This earmark has got to have taxpayers screaming 'uncle,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 23, 2008 Friday 1:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 70  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $735,000 for the National Center for Soybean
Technology in Columbia, Missouri.

"Say it ain't soy," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 22, 2008 Thursday 12:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED THAT DEMOCRATS TAKE STEP BACKWARDS ON EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that House Democrats have included a provision in
the defense authorization bill that exempts the bill's earmarks from President
Bush's executive order on earmarks.

President Bush's executive order requires earmarks to be included in the actual
legislative language of bills, rather than in conference or committee reports,
where they are typically inserted. The executive order subjects earmarks to more
transparency and accountability.

Congressman Flake drafted an amendment that would have eliminated the provision,
but his amendment was not ruled in order.

"For all of the talk about transparency and accountability in the earmark
process, House Democrats have just taken a huge step backwards," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 21, 2008 Wednesday 12:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES PRESIDENT BUSH FOR VETOING FARM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 130  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised President Bush for vetoing the massive farm bill passed by
Congress last week.

"Congressional Republicans have talked a lot of re-branding the party recently,"
said Flake. "But rather than simply talking about re-branding, House Republicans
can actually start earning back our fiscal credentials by working to sustain the
President's veto."

Given the previously unknown potential cost of the farm bill's ACRE program, as
reported today in The Washington Post, Congressman Flake hopes that enough
Republicans who voted in favor of the farm bill will vote to sustain the
President's veto.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 20, 2008 Tuesday 2:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TROUBLED BY POTENTIAL COSTS OF FARM BILL PROGRAM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today called the potential costs of a previously unknown provision of the farm
bill very troubling.

Under a new program created by the bill, participating farmers would be eligible
for subsidies if their income falls below an expected level. Given the current
artificially high prices of many crops, such as corn, a readjustment in prices
would leave taxpayers responsible for billions of dollars in assistance.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that, if the price of corn drops to
$3.25 per bushel, the program would dole out nearly $10 billion to corn farmers.
If the price of wheat drops to $4.50 a bushel, wheat farmers would be eligible
for $2.5 billion in assistance. Taxpayers would be responsible for $7 billion in
assistance to soybean farmers if the price of soybeans drops to $7.00 per
bushel.

"Had these projections been known last week when we voted on the farm bill, I
suspect that more Members would have voted against the bill," said Flake.

"These estimates ought to make many Members who voted in favor of the farm bill
consider opposing Congress' attempt to override President Bush's likely veto."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 16, 2008 Friday 12:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 69  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $352,500 for beluga whale research in Cook Inlet,
Alaska.

"This is one whale of an earmark," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 14, 2008 Wednesday 12:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST DEEPLY FLAWED FARM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today voted against the farm bill.

Despite record high commodity prices, Congress has squandered an opportunity to
make any significant reforms in federal agriculture policy.

"This farm bill is bad policy on several fronts," said Flake. "Not only is it
market-distorting and fiscally irresponsible, but it complicates our current
trade obligations and will continue sending taxpayer money to wealthy farmers
and landowners."

"I know that many of my Republican colleagues experienced buyer's remorse after
supporting the last farm bill in 2002. Given that the current bill is no better,
I hope that they'll help sustain the President's likely veto of it."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 9, 2008 Friday 12:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $196,000 to upgrade the South Dakota State Fair
Open Class Beef Complex and Hippodrome in Huron, South Dakota.

"Talk about a cash cow," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 2, 2008 Friday 12:39 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $98,700 to the City of Rosemead, California for
graffiti deterrence technologies.

"When it comes to their money, I'm sure taxpayers wish Congress was tighter than
two coats of paint," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 30, 2008 Wednesday 4:15 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES LEGISLATION TO REFORM ETHANOL INCENTIVES

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, has
introduced legislation to curtail incentives Congress has created for ethanol
production.

Renewable fuels standards, tax credits for ethanol producers, and protection
from international competition through prohibitive import tariffs have created
an artificial demand for ethanol. These incentives have pushed farmers away from
food production and toward fuel production. Because corn is the primary source
for biofuels, the price of corn has soared dramatically, which has had a ripple
effect in food prices.

The Remove Incentives to Produce Ethanol Act of 2008 (H.R. 5911) will repeal
renewable fuels standards, repeal tax credits for ethanol producers, and repeal
tariffs and duties on importing ethanol.

"This is a classic case of the law of unintended consequences," said Flake.
"Congress surely did not intend to raise food prices by incentivizing ethanol,
but that's precisely what's happened. A jump in food prices is the last thing
our economy needs right now."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 28, 2008 Monday 12:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES PRESIDENT BUSH TO WAIVE RENEWABLE FUELS MANDATE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 171  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today sent President Bush a letter that urged him to waive the renewable fuels
mandate contained in last year's energy bill.

The energy bill requires the U.S. to produce nine billion gallons of fuel from
renewable sources this year, up from 5.4 billion last year and eventually
increasing to 36 billion in 2022. Because corn is currently the primary source
of domestic biofuels production, the mandate has led to a dramatic increase in
the cost of corn and food prices. High corn prices have encouraged farmers to
focus on energy production rather than food production.

"While the renewable fuels mandate was intended to lessen the dependence on
foreign oil, it has done little but add more strain to an already shaky
economy," said Flake.

Congressman Flake plans to introduce broader legislation dealing with the
renewable fuels mandate.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 25, 2008 Friday 12:05 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 72  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $490,000 for George Bush Intercontinental Airport
in Houston, Texas.

"Congress, we have a problem...," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 18, 2008 Friday 12:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $394,000 for the Ironworkers Training Program.

"Iron-ically, this earmark is anything but a steel," said Flake. "Fiscal
responsibility can rust in peace."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 15, 2008 Tuesday 12:36 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CASTS LONE VOTE AGAINST PLAIN LANGUAGE BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today released the following statement regarding his vote against the Plain
Language in Government Communications Act, which is estimated to cost $2 million
a year. The bill duplicates numerous executive orders and agency initiatives.

"Bad bill. Voted no," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 15, 2008 Tuesday 12:28 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $49,000 for repairs at the Appomattox Court House
National Historic Park in Appomattox, Virginia.

"Congress seems to have surrendered to earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 10, 2008 Thursday 12:05 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS SUCCESSFUL AMENDMENT TO BEACH ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 128  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today offered an amendment to the Beach Act that will prevent future funding
authorized under the bill from being earmarked. The amendment passed 263 to 117.

"Supporters of this legislation have said that they have no intention of
earmarking funds authorized under it," said Flake. "However, we've heard that
before with bills like Homeland Security Appropriations."

"This amendment ensures that this program doesn't simply become another source
of earmarks."

Congressman Flake plans to offer a similar amendment to every authorization bill
considered by the House in the future.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 8, 2008 Tuesday 12:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE GETS HIGHEST SCORE IN CONGRESS FROM NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 117  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today received the highest score from the National Taxpayers Union on their
annual scorecard rating of Members of Congress on fiscal policy beneficial to
taxpayers.

The National Taxpayers Union compiles the score by reviewing every congressional
vote that affects tax, debt, spending, and regulatory issues.

For the fifth year in a row, Congressman Flake received the highest score in the
House of Representatives.

More information on the National Taxpayers Union's scorecard can be found at
http://www.ntu.org.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 4, 2008 Friday 12:33 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 76  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $984,000 for abandoned mines reclamation in
California.

"With this earmark, taxpayers are quite literally getting the shaft," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 14, 2008 Friday 12:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED THAT CONGRESS VOTES TO KEEP EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that both the House of Representatives and the
Senate voted against earmark moratoriums yesterday.

The House voted 263-157 against the Republican budget alternative, which
included an earmark moratorium. The Senate voted 71-29 against an amendment
offered by Senator Jim DeMint of South Carolina that would have enacted an
earmark moratorium.

"Although I'm disappointed that Congress has voted to keep earmarks this year, I
can't say that I'm surprised," said Flake.

"However, the conventional wisdom on this issue is shifting as more and more
Members realize that bringing home the bacon is a political liability rather
than a political perk. I'm convinced that Congress will eventually get there."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 14, 2008 Friday 12:21 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,529,000 to the Appalachian Fruit Lab in
Kearneysville, West Virginia.

"So far, efforts to enact an earmark moratorium have been fruitless," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 7, 2008 Friday 11:18 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 69  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $351,000 for the Asian long-horned beetle in
Illinois.

"This earmark really bugs me," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 6, 2008 Thursday 11:28 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGES HOUSE DEMOCRATS TO ADOPT EARMARK MORATORIUM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 158  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today encouraged House Democrats to adopt a moratorium on earmarks.

"Actions speak louder than words and, unfortunately, both parties have only
offered the latter on earmark reform," said Flake.

"The first party to impose a moratorium will rightfully be able to claim
credibility on this issue. I'm still hopeful that Republicans will demonstrate
leadership on earmark reform by declaring our own moratorium, but if the
Democrats beat us to it, more power to them."

Democrats have reportedly been considering an earmark moratorium as a way to
free up money for an economic stimulus bill.

"The fact that Democrats are considering an earmark moratorium to free up
funding for other priorities disproves the tired myth that cutting earmarks
doesn't save money."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 5, 2008 Wednesday 4:45 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE, SEN. KYL TO HOST CONFERENCE FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS INTERESTED IN
SCHOLARSHIPS TO U.S. SERVICE ACADEMIES

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, and U.S.
Senator Jon Kyl will host an information session for Arizona high school
students who are interested in scholarships to U.S. Service Academies.

Representatives from the Air Force, Army, Navy, Coast Guard, and Merchant
Marines Academies will be on hand to describe opportunities at the U.S. Service
Academies and answer questions from prospective students and parents. Members of
Congressman Flake's staff will also be on hand to explain the Congressional
application process.

All high school students, regardless of age, are welcome and will find the
conference helpful in pursuing a nomination to a United States Service Academy.
Questions can be directed to Congressman Flake's Service Academy Representative,
Kelly Hedman, at 480-833-0092.

WHAT: Information Session on U.S. Service Academies

WHEN: Saturday, April 5, 2008 from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm

WHERE: Gilbert High School - Auditorium

1101 East Elliot Road

Gilbert, Arizona 85296

CONTACT: Kelly Hedman - 480-833-0092.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 29, 2008 Friday 1:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 74  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $98,000 for restoration of the 1883 Lighthouse at
Sleepy Hollow, New York.

"Earmarks make Members of Congress lose their heads," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 27, 2008 Wednesday 5:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE MOURNS PASSING OF WILLIAM BUCKLEY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 134  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today mourned the death of William F. Buckley, Jr.

"Mr. Buckley elevated conservatism in American politics in a way that few others
have," said Flake.

"His wit and interminable confidence in the superiority of conservative
principles never compromised his respect for and civility towards those
unfortunate enough to disagree with him."

"Those of us who honed our conservative instincts by thoroughly reading Mr.
Buckley's columns over the years will miss him greatly. I'll also miss him
personally. One of the most satisfying and memorable experiences of my career
was sailing with Mr. Buckley on Long Island Sound."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 22, 2008 Friday 3:41 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $123,000 for the International Mother's Day
Shrine in Grafton, West Virginia.

"This is the mother of all pork projects," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 19, 2008 Tuesday 3:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT ON RESIGNATION OF FIDEL CASTRO

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the statement:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today released the following statement regarding the resignation of
Cuban dictator Fidel Castro.

"The reign of Fidel Castro marked a brutal and dictatorial chapter for the Cuban
people," said Flake. "Let's hope that his resignation opens a new chapter."

"Whether that new chapter will be open, however, largely depends on a new
approach to Cuba by the U.S. Government. The U.S. embargo gave Fidel a
tremendous advantage in terms of lengthening his tenure. Let's not give his
successor the same advantage by keeping the embargo in place."

Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy, believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and
travel restrictions currently imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 18, 2008 Monday 3:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARKS OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 118  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted pork projects contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmarks:

* $750,000 for the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library in Hyde Park, New
York

* $8,000,000 for the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in Boston,
Massachusetts

* $3,760,000 to the Lyndon Baines Johnson Presidential Library in Austin, Texas

* $7,432,000 for the Richard M. Nixon Presidential Library in Yorba Linda,
California

"Those are some hefty library fines," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 13, 2008 Wednesday 3:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO HAVE VOWED NOT TO REQUEST EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 116  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised the growing list of Members of Congress who have made the decision
not to seek earmarks for fiscal year 2009.

While the majority of Members who have sworn off earmarks in FY09 are
Republicans, the list does include Democrats, most notably Chairman Henry Waxman
of California.

"The leadership of both parties may not quite be there yet, but an increasing
number of individual Members recognize that a moratorium is needed until
significant reforms are made to the earmark process," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 12, 2008 Tuesday 5:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REACTS TO ANNOUNCEMENT OF CONGRESSMAN JOHN SHADEGG'S RETIREMENT FROM
CONGRESS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 124  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today issued the following statement in response to the announcement that
Congressman John Shadegg of Arizona's Third District will not seek reelection.

"John Shadegg has been the lodestar for conservatives in the House," said Flake.

"As Republicans have struggled in recent years to preserve the conservative
principles of the Class of '94, John has continued to serve as a role model for
those of us that believe in limited government, low taxes, and individual
responsibility."

"His intellect, expertise, and civility will surely be missed in the House."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      February 8, 2008 Friday 1:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 106  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $316,000 for Palmer College on Chiropractice,
Consortial Center for Chiropractic Research in Davenport, Iowa and the Policy
Institute for Integrative Medicine in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for a best
practices initiative on lower back pain.

"Isn't it about time that the earmark process had an adjustment?" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 1, 2008 Friday 12:41 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 69  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $375,000 for swine and other animal waste
management in North Carolina.

"This earmark just doesn't pass the smell test," said Flake.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 28, 2008 Monday 4:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGED BY PRESIDENT BUSH'S EXECUTIVE ORDER ON EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today was encouraged by President Bush's executive order directing agencies to
disregard earmarks not included in the statutory language of bills. Earmarks are
typically included in the conference reports of bill, which do not carry the
force of law.

"While many of us would have liked to see the President set aside the earmarks
attached to this year's spending bills, a requirement to include earmarks in the
text of bills will have a significant impact on this year's appropriations
process," said Flake. "This will greatly assist those of us in Congress who
would like to see this process reformed."

By including earmarks in the text of bills, Members of Congress will have more
time to review earmarks before voting on appropriations bills. Earmarks would
require more explicit descriptions and additional details, and they would be
more vulnerable to amendments. Earmarks would also be subject to an additional
point of order against spending that has not been authorized.

Congressman Flake was less optimistic about the President's pledge to veto
appropriations bills that don't cut the number and cost of earmarks in half.

"That assumes that we can still have nearly 6,000 'good' earmarks," said Flake.
"I just don't buy that. Besides, we heard the same thing last year about cutting
earmarks in half."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 26, 2008 Saturday 4:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REITERATES CALL FOR EARMARK MORATORIUM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 136  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today reiterated his call for a Republican moratorium on earmarks.

"Republicans and Democrats seem content to play out the Alphonse and Gaston
routine on earmark reform - 'You first.' 'No, you first,'" said Flake.

"I'm confident that Congress will eventually enact meaningful earmark reform,
but Republicans have lost, at least for now, an opportunity to show voters why
we deserve to be in the majority."

"Rather than qualifying our actions on earmark reform on Democratic action, we
should enact our own moratorium on earmarks. If we acknowledge that the system
is broken, why do we have to wait for the Democrats to act?"

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 25, 2008 Friday 6:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 70  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,112,000 for potato research.

"This is a waste of money, no matter how you spell it," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 18, 2008 Friday 5:18 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $292,000 for the American Airpower Museum in
Farmingdale, New York for exhibits and educational programs.

"This is one earmark that taxpayers would like to see shot down," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 15, 2008 Tuesday 3:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CRITICIZES TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION'S RECOMMENDATION TO INCREASE GAS
TAX

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized the report released by the National Surface Transportation
Policy and Revenue Study Commission.

The report calls for an increase in the gas tax of as much as 40 cents.

"There's no doubt that we have transportation needs that are not currently being
met - the tragedy in Minnesota was unfortunate proof of that," said Flake.
"However, Congress' mismanagement of transportation priorities, rather than a
lack of resources, is the real problem."

"Transportation funding decisions are best made closer to home. Sending more
money to Washington only guarantees that Members of Congress will be able to
issue more press releases and cut more ribbons for bike paths and transportation
museums."

"Transportation Secretary Mary Peters has been very articulate about the need
for spending priorities, rather than a gas tax increase. I hope that Congress
listens to her."

Congressman Flake has introduced legislation that would allow states with
deficient bridges to ignore earmark instructions and direct that funding to
repair bridges instead. Many of the more than 6,000 earmarks in the most recent
transportation bill were not directly related to roads and bridges, but instead
were directed toward bike paths, transportation museums, parking lots, and road
beautification projects.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 11, 2008 Friday 11:56 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $284,000 for blackbird management in North Dakota
and South Dakota.

"This Congress has nothing to crow about when it comes to earmark reform," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht 202-225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 4, 2008 Friday 5:27 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 71  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $375,000 for dairy farm profitability in
Pennsylvania.

"Taxpayers deserve butter than this," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2008 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 21, 2007 Friday 6:05 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 91  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Omnibus Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to Fort Dodge, Iowa for the acquisition
and/or demolition of the former Beef Processors production plant.

"Unless Republicans steak out a strong position on earmark reform, voters may
steer clear of us," said Flake.

Contact: Margaret Klessig, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 20, 2007 Thursday 4:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES PRESIDENT TO HAVE MORE COURAGE THAN CONGRESS TO CUT EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
applauded President Bush's comments dealing with earmarks at today's White House
press conference.

The President highlighted the inclusion of nearly 12,000 earmarks in the omnibus
and defense spending bills as evidence that Congress needs to further curb pet
projects. Bush indicated that he would instruct OMB Director Jim Nussle to
review options for dealing with the wasteful spending.

"Taxpayers deserve better than having their tax dollars wasted on vanity
earmarks like the Charles B. Rangel Center for Public Service and the Lewis
Center for Education Research, or more than $800 million worth of airdropped
earmarks that never received even a cursory vetting," said Flake.

"The President already has the power to block the funding for Congressional
earmarks that are included in conference and committee reports instead of the
bill text," said Flake. "This would apply to the vast majority of earmarks
passed in the omnibus bill."

"I'm glad he's giving taxpayers a promise to reduce waste as an early Christmas
present and I hope that he uses the power that he has to block funding for these
wasteful earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Margaret Klessig, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 17, 2007 Monday 11:59 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED IN EARMARKS IN THE OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that the House Leadership will give Members of
the House of Representatives less than twenty-four hours to read and review the
1,400 page Omnibus Appropriations bill.

The bill also contains a reported 12,000 earmarks, including hundreds of
airdropped earmarks worth millions of taxpayer dollars (including almost all of
the Department of Homeland Security earmarks). Airdropped earmarks are earmarks
that are placed in final versions of legislation despite not having been
approved by either the House or Senate during debate of the bill.

"It is unfortunate that, given all the talk of reform, this is what we get,"
said Flake.

Examples of airdropped earmarks include:

* $500,000 for streetscape improvements in Alameda, CA

* $1,000,000 for the Red Mountain Park Project in Birmingham, AL

* $400,000 for the Burchfield-Penney Art Center in Buffalo, NY

* $300,000 for a "multipurpose facility" at the Waynesburg College Center for
Economic Development in Waynesburg, PA

* $1,000,000 for the Clean Power and Energy Research Consortium in New Orleans,
LA

* $1,800,000 for East Capitol Center for Change, Capitol Area Asset Corporation,
and the National Center for Fatherhood in Washington, DC

"You always tell your children that nothing good happens after midnight, and
earmarks like these are a prime example of that," said Flake.

Contact: Margaret Klessig, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 13, 2007 Thursday 3:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 to Florida Southern College in Lakeland,
Florida for construction of a library to house the historic documents of Frank
Lloyd Wright.

"Let's be Frank; this earmark just ain't Wright," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 11, 2007 Tuesday 1:15 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY SENATE'S DEFEAT OF FARM BILL REFORM AMENDMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that the U.S. Senate rejected an amendment that
would have brought much-needed reform to U.S. agricultural policy.

The amendment was sponsored by Senator Richard Lugar of Indiana and was similar,
in spirit, to an amendment that Congressman Flake and Congressman Ron Kind of
Wisconsin offered unsuccessfully during House debate on the farm bill. Senator
Lugar's amendment would have phased out direct payments and redirected the
savings to other priorities, including $4 billion towards deficit reduction.

"It's unlikely that there will be a more opportune time to reform farm policy,"
said Flake. "We've blown it once again."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 7, 2007 Friday 11:39 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for construction of a one million gallon
water storage tower in Ada, Oklahoma.

"Even earmarks to hold water don't hold water," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 5, 2007 Wednesday 1:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO CHAIRMAN OBEY URGING HIM TO DROP EARMARKS IN FY08
SPENDING BILLS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 180  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today sent a letter to House Appropriations Committee David Obey urging him to
follow through on a threat he has made to eliminate earmarks in the remaining
fiscal year 2008 appropriations bills.

Chairman Obey has cautioned House Members that, if congressional appropriators
are forced to make additional spending reductions in order to meet President
Bush's spending levels, Members' earmarks will be among the first items to be
cut.

House earmarks in the remaining appropriations bills amount to at least $3.3
billion.

"While many Members of Congress might object to earmark-free spending bills this
year, my guess is that many more taxpayers would applaud such a move," said
Flake.

"House earmarks may not completely close the gap between Congress' and President
Bush's budget levels, but Chairman Obey is absolutely right that they ought to
be the first thing on the chopping block."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 30, 2007 Friday 12:39 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for the construction of an urban bikeway
in West Paterson, New Jersey.

"Seems like we're in a never-ending cycle with earmarks like this," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 29, 2007 Thursday 4:42 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE MOURNS PASSING OF CONGRESSMAN HENRY HYDE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today mourned the passing of former Congressman Henry Hyde. Congressman Flake
served on the House International Relations Committee during Congressman Hyde's
tenure as chairman.

"Henry Hyde was one of the giants of the U.S. Congress," said Flake. "He was the
model of civility, a gentleman, and a statesman. Truly one of the last of his
breed."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 16, 2007 Friday 1:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 to the Atlanta Botanical Gardens in
Atlanta, Georgia for construction of a Canopy Walk.

"Weed be better off if earmarks like this weren't planted in spending bills,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   November 14, 2007 Wednesday 12:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES LEGISLATION TO SOLVE LOOMING SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE
CRISES

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today unveiled a plan to solve the looming Social Security and Medicare crises
by transitioning, over a 42-year period, to a system where workers control their
retirement and health care accounts.

Congressman Flake's introduction of the plan today coincided with the 2007
Liberty Summit hosted by FreedomWorks.

"I know that many Members of Congress aren't anxious to begin debating Social
Security and Medicare reform again," said Flake. "But as politically unappealing
as this debate may be, the alternative of doing nothing is much worse."

"This bill ensures that the principles of Social Security and Medicare are
preserved while addressing many of the concerns that have been raised about such
plans. It's a comprehensive bill and I hope my colleagues take it up."

The SMART Act ensures that:

* New workers' contributions are protected in an account with their name on it.

* All current workers (age 23 and older) have the choice between current law and
the new system.

* NO CHANGES from current law for today's retirees.

Personal Social Security Accounts:

* The direct 7.65% tax currently imposed on wages is converted to a compulsory
savings. The individual may then choose among five performance-approved mutual
funds for investment of these amounts.

Social Security Retirement Benefits:

* At retirement, the individual will be given an estimate of how much their
personal account is worth compared to their estimated traditional Social
Security payments. He or she may then choose between current law or the new
system.

Medicare Benefits:

* Similar to Social Security, retiring workers may choose between traditional
Medicare coverage and a system paired with a savings account and a
high-deductible health plan--whichever has greater value for their needs.

* Individuals may use funds in their personal Social Security accounts to offset
the cost of choosing the new system.

Tax Treatment of Accounts and Contributions:

* Contributions to accounts are made in the same manner as today's FICA
contributions. Purchases of life annuities and fund disbursements after
retirement are not taxed.

Social Security Escrow Fund:

* A Social Security Escrow Fund is created and dedicated solely to the payment
of Social Security benefits to contributing workers.

* Upon elimination of the unfunded liabilities of the current broken system,
excess funds will be used first to eliminate the payroll tax on employers, then
to pay down the national debt.

Federal Budget Reforms:

* Revenues exceeding CBO's 2006 future federal receipt forecasts are used to
cover transitional expenses.

Price Index:

* Changes current indexing from CPI-U to C-CPI-U and changes the initial benefit
calculation from a wage index to a price index.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   November 14, 2007 Wednesday 12:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED THAT HOUSE LEADERSHIP GIVES HOUSE MEMBERS JUST ONE DAY
TO READ 534-PAGE TRANSPORTATION-HUD BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that the House Leadership will give Members of
the House of Representatives only one day to read and review the
Transportation-HUD Appropriations bill. The bill is 534 pages, including 141
pages of earmarks.

The bill also includes 21 airdropped earmarks totaling over $24 million.
Airdropped earmarks are earmarks that end up in the conference report despite
the fact that they were approved by neither the House nor Senate during debate
of the bill. Among the airdropped earmarks are line items for $300,000 for
construction of a multipurpose facility in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania and $400,000
for construction at a museum in Buffalo, New York.

"The new Majority just doesn't seem to get it," said Flake. "They came to power
by criticizing Republican abuses, and were justified in doing so. But now they
are committing the same abuses."

The bill is loaded with pork projects such as $150,000 for the Atlanta Botanical
Gardens in Atlanta, Georgia; $275,000 for the Berkshire Music Hall in
Pittsfield, Massachusetts; $400,000 to the Bel Alton High School Alumni
Association in Bel Alton, Maryland; $500,000 for the Los Angeles County Fire
Museum in Bellflower, California; two earmarks totaling $300,000 to revitalize
downtown Clearwater, Florida; $150,000 for the Edmunds Art Center in Edmunds,
Washington; $100,000 for Cooters Pond Park in Prattville, Alabama; $100,000 for
the reuse of a Coca Cola Bottling plant in Romney, West Virginia; $100,000 to
the Crystal Lake Art Center in Frankfort, Michigan; $750,000 to the Detroit
Science Center in Detroit, Michigan; and $300,000 to the Houston Zoo in Houston,
Texas.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 13, 2007 Tuesday 12:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS VETO OF LABOR-HHS SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 85  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today applauded President Bush for vetoing the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill.

"This bill is over budget and loaded with earmarks," said Flake. "Now that
President Bush has vetoed it, I hope that congressional leaders can be persuaded
to eliminate the earmarks and present the President with a fiscally responsible
bill."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      November 9, 2007 Friday 1:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $169,500 for the Albert Einstein Health Network
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for college student screening programs.

"This sounds like just another wild-haired earmark," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 8, 2007 Thursday 1:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED IN EARMARK-LADEN DEFENSE SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today was disappointed that the conference report for the Defense Appropriation
bill for fiscal year 2008 contains over 2,000 earmarks worth five billion
dollars.

"Perhaps the most compelling case to be made against earmarking, particularly in
the Defense bill, is that earmarks divert funds away from more urgent
priorities," said Flake.

"Simply put, every dollar that Congress has spent on earmarks in this bill, five
billion dollars in all, is a dollar that troops won't have for more critical
needs."

"These earmarks don't reflect the attitude of taxpayers when it comes to defense
spending, and I wish that Congress had kept the Defense bill clean."

The Defense bill also includes 24 "airdropped" earmarks, meaning that they were
included in neither the House nor Senate versions of the bill but were added in
the conference report. Among the airdropped earmarks is $3 million for a golf
program for kids.

"This earmark might be par for the course in any other bill, but in the Defense
bill it's indefensible."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 6, 2007 Tuesday 11:24 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE CRITICIZES DEMOCRATS FOR GIVING MEMBERS ONE DAY TO REVIEW 853-PAGE
LABOR-HHS CONFERENCE REPORT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized the Democratic Leadership for giving House Members one day to
sift through a massive 853-page Labor-HHS-Veterans Appropriations conference
report before voting on it.

"Many of us were critical of our own Republican Leadership is years past for not
waiting the required three days between filing a bill and voting on it, but this
is worse than anything we pulled," said Flake.

"This conference report wasn't even available to view until last night and now
we're being asked to vote on it today. We'll be finding out what's in this bill
for weeks to come."

A cursory look through the more than 150 pages of earmarks in the conference
report revealed earmarks like $400,000 for Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York
City, $750,000 to the LBJ Foundation in Austin, Texas, $350,000 to the Aerospace
Museum of California Foundation in McClellan, California, $300,000 American
Airpower Museum in Farmingdale, New York, $320,000 to the American Jazz Museum
in Kansas City, Missouri, $130,000 for the First Ladies Museum in Canton, Ohio,
and $85,000 to the Los Angeles Craft and Folk Art Museum in Los Angeles,
California.

The conference report also includes nine "airdropped" earmarks, which neither
the House nor Senate passed but ended up in the conference report. Among the
airdropped earmarks is $1,000,000 for the Thomas Daschle Center for Public
Service and Representative Democracy.

"Even a conservative estimate of the total number of earmarks in this bill is
above what either the House or the Senate passed. Rather than choosing between
House or Senate earmarks, it looks like the conferees just added the House and
Senate earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      November 2, 2007 Friday 1:54 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the House Transportation-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 to the Louis Armstrong House Museum in
Flushing, New York for design and construction of a visitor's center.

"This earmark blows," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635, matthew.specht@mail.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      November 2, 2007 Friday 1:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES PRESIDENT BUSH FOR VETOING WRDA BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 95  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised President Bush for vetoing the Water Resources Development Act,
which costs $23 billion.

"When a bill like this passes both chambers by such wide margins, it's either a
very good bill or a very bad bill," said Flake. "In this case, it's clearly the
latter."

"While this bill will probably become law, I don't blame President Bush for not
wanting his signature on it."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 31, 2007 Wednesday 2:00 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CRITICIZES PLAN TO TACK LABOR-HHS SPENDING BILL ONTO DEFENSE,
VETERANS SPENDING BILLS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 119  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today criticized a Democratic plan to attach the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill
to the Defense Appropriations bill and the Military Construction and Veterans
Affairs Appropriations bill.

"Using the Defense spending bill and the Veterans spending bill to grease the
skids for a bloated, pork-laden Labor-HHS spending bill hardly seems consistent
with the earmark reform that Democrats promised last year," said Flake.

"We can talk all we want about earmark reform, but I think this looks like
politics as usual to most people."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 26, 2007 Friday 1:26 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 77  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the House Transportation-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for the Oak Ridge Cemetery in
Springfield, Illinois.

"This is not a fiscally responsible undertaking," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 24, 2007 Wednesday 1:21 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR NEW STRATEGY ON CUBA POLICY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today called on the Bush Administration to scrap the current failed
policy toward Cuba and implement a policy that will hasten democratic reforms.

"Over 45 years ago, the U.S. implemented a policy to loosen Fidel Castro's grip
on power in Cuba but, in the end, old age and failing health finally did what
restrictions on trade and travel did not," said Flake.

"Make no mistake; the post-Fidel era is already well underway in Cuba and here
we are, just as irrelevant as we've ever been."

"Rather than waiting for Cuba to make democratic reforms before we change our
policy, let's actually implement a policy that will hasten democratic reforms."

"We've spent the last 45 years limiting our own influence in Cuba. With Fidel's
influence finally waning, we can't afford to spend another 45 years being
irrelevant."

Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy, believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and
travel restrictions currently imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 19, 2007 Friday 12:45 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the House Agriculture
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2008.

This week's egregious earmark: $135,907 for potato breeding in Prosser,
Washington.

"Old potatoes never die; they just get put out to spud," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 12, 2007 Friday 12:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for the construction of the Alyeska
Roundhouse in Girdwood, Alaska.

"If taxpayers are paying that much for a roundhouse, it had better be delivered
by Chuck Norris," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 5, 2007 Friday 11:02 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $300,000 to the University of New England for
construction and equipment at the George and Barbara Bush Cultural Center.

"Read my lips: no new earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 28, 2007 Friday 12:36 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE MOURNS DEATH OF NTU PRESIDENT JOHN BERTHOUD FREEDOM MOVEMENT HAS LOST
CHAMPION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 67  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed sadness at news of the death of National Taxpayers Union
President John Berthoud.

"John was talented, committed, and humble. We're all saddened by his death and
will miss him greatly," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 28, 2007 Friday 12:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK $50,000 FOR FERAL HOG CONTROL IN
MISSOURI

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 76  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture Appropriations
bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $50,000 for control of feral hogs in Missouri.

"This is a rather literal interpretation of 'bringing home the bacon,'" said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 26, 2007 Wednesday 2:21 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT ON VOTE AGAINST IRAN SANCTIONS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 103  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, today released the following statement on his vote against sanctions
on Iran:

"Additional unilateral sanctions may undermine the Administration's ability to
act in concert with our allies with regard to Iran," said Flake. "I have
confidence that the Administration fully appreciates the threat that Iran's
government poses, and they are right to be concerned about moving too far ahead
of our allies in response to that threat."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 21, 2007 Friday 10:02 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $300,000 to Bear Creek, Alabama for industrial
park expansion.

"If fiscal responsibility in Congress isn't dead, it's certainly hibernating,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 14, 2007 Friday 1:53 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: MESA, Arizona


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for the Winston Churchill Memorial in
Fulton, Missouri for construction and renovation.

"Never in the field of federal spending was so much owed by so many because of
so few," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 14, 2007 Friday 1:50 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS TO CLOSE LOOPHOLES IN ETHICS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 136  words

DATELINE: MESA, Arizona


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
called on congressional leaders to close several loopholes left untouched by the
ethics bill that President Bush signed into law today.

The new law does not address a loophole that exempts public lobbyists from
congressional gift ban rules. The law also does not close a loophole that allows
congressional leaders to wave all earmark rules by simply declaring a bill
absent of earmarks, regardless of whether or not that is the case.

"There are many worthwhile elements of the bill President Bush signed today, but
nobody ought to be under the impression that this new law will tame the abuse of
earmarks in Congress," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 7, 2007 Friday 12:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $300,000 to Pawnee, Oklahoma for the renovation
of the Buffalo Theater.

"I didn't even know buffaloes could act?," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 6, 2007 Thursday 12:39 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TESTIFIES BEFORE HOUSE JUDICIARY SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRIVE ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today testified on the STRIVE Act before the House Judiciary Committee's
Subcommittee on Immigration, Citizenship, Refugees, Border Security, and
International Law.

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, has
introduced the STRIVE Act, which would increase border security, strengthen
interior enforcement, create a temporary worker program, and deny amnesty to
illegal immigrants.

"Americans do not share Congress' unwillingness to tackle immigration reform,"
said Flake.

"In the absence of congressional action, states and the Bush Administration have
pushed ahead on various enforcement initiatives. I don't blame them for trying
to do the job that Congress has failed to do."

"However, enforcement alone cannot solve this problem. Until Congress creates a
comprehensive temporary worker program, the success of state and Administration
measures will have a ceiling."

"Congress needs to begin work on a comprehensive immigration reform proposal,
and the STRIVE Act is an excellent place to start."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 5, 2007 Wednesday 12:51 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY PETERS' TESTIMONY BEFORE HOUSE
COMMITTEE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised the testimony of Transportation Secretary Mary Peters before the
House Transportation Committee.

Secretary Peters stressed that before Congress raise taxes and spend additional
funding on infrastructure improvements, Congress needs to reexamine current
transportation spending priorities.

"There's no question that we have infrastructure needs that aren't currently
being met," said Flake. "However, those needs aren't being met because Congress
lacks the resources, but rather because Congress is mismanaging transportation
funding."

"Instead of raising taxes, Congress has a responsibility to stop spending
transportation funding on pork projects and direct that money to address the
country's infrastructure needs."

Congressman Flake is preparing legislation that would allow states with
deficient bridges to ignore earmark instructions and direct that funding to
repair bridges instead. Many of the more than 6,000 earmarks in the most recent
transportation bill were not directly related to roads and bridges, such as bike
paths, transportation museums, parking lots, and road beautification projects.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     August 30, 2007 Thursday 1:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to Guntersville, Alabama for renovations
to the Whole Backstage Theater.

"Earmarks played a leading role in Republicans' 'exit stage right' from control
of Congress last year," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 28, 2007 Tuesday 1:07 AM  EST

TRANSPORTATION EARMARKS FOR ARIZONA REPUBLIC

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 760  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following column:

In the wake of the Minnesota bridge tragedy, the response from Congress and the
Administration has ranged from measured to knee jerk. Transportation Secretary
Mary Peters' call to review the National Bridge Inspection Program is an example
of the former and the House Transportation Committee chairman and others calling
for a hike in the federal gasoline tax is emblematic of the latter.

With more than one in ten bridges reported as structurally deficient, there is
no denying that we have considerable infrastructure needs across the country.
With mounting pressure to spend billions on infrastructure and even raise taxes
to do it, prudence and sound judgment should accompany this sense of urgency. We
need look no further than the federal response to Hurricane Katrina, complete
with thousands of trailers in an Arkansas pasture and debit cards used to
purchase designer purses, to see the dangers of Congress simply shoveling
dollars at a problem.

It is difficult to take seriously the argument that Congress is not spending
enough money. According to the Congressional Budget Office, federal spending on
infrastructure will approach $80 billion this year. The problem is not that we
are spending too little, but rather that Congress puts strings on state
transportation funds. Simply look at the 6,300 earmarks, worth more than $24
billion dollars, stuffed into the 2005 transportation bill. These particular
earmarks are more troublesome than the usual raft of wasteful pork spending -
and not just because of their sheer number.

The funds for these earmarks actually come out of the federal dollars that are
available to states for transportation projects, limiting their flexibility to
address priorities that they have identified. The goal of many Members of
Congress in seeking earmarks is to be able to send out a press release or cut a
ribbon, showing the folks back home how much they are doing for their district.
Of course, these transportation earmarks end up short changing the state's
transportation funds.

While the "Bridge to Nowhere" was certainly the most famous of these earmarks,
it at least resembled a transportation project. The most recent transportation
authorization was replete with earmarks for bike paths, hiking trails, visitor
centers, museums, beautification work, and other suspect projects that seem even
more suspect given the events of the past months.

For example, Minnesota received more than 140 earmarks in the highway bill worth
nearly half a billion dollars. According to a recent review, these included
nearly $1.6 million for bike trails, more than $1.5 million for streetscaping,
and more than $1 million for new visitor centers. With the state's priorities
undoubtedly shifting in light of recent events, Minnesota should have the
flexibility to use its transportation funds as it needs to rather than on
projects such as these.

Obviously, this problem is not limited to Minnesota. Congressional Quarterly
recently highlighted that nearly all of the fifty most heavily traveled and
structurally deficient bridges are concentrated in Los Angeles and San
Francisco. My guess is that California has better uses for transportation
dollars than the $5 million dollar earmark for bikeways and trails in the Golden
Gate National Recreation Area or the $2.3 million dollar earmark for landscaping
enhancements for "aesthetic purposes" along the Ronald Reagan Freeway in Simi
Valley. These earmarks are even more egregious when you realize that California,
like Arizona, is a "donor state," meaning it receives less than a dollar worth
of federal transportation funding for every dollar it pays in federal gas tax.

We can all agree that the Minnesota bridge collapse should serve as a wake-up
call. Congress cannot continue to turn a blind eye to pork barrel politics that
all too often reward the districts of powerful Members of Congress and tie the
hands of state transportation officials. With this in mind, I plan to introduce
legislation that will allow states the flexibility to use their transportation
dollars as they see fit.

Both President Bush and Secretary Peters have both wisely dismissed calls for
raising the gas tax and have called Congress out for squandering much-needed
transportation funding on earmarks. The last thing we need is to raise the gas
tax, which will simply give Washington politicians even more money to spend on
earmarked projects.

We've been down that road before.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 24, 2007 Friday 12:23 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 87  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $3,200,000 to the University of Wisconsin -
Marathon County for the construction of a building.

"It seems like Congress is running around in circles on earmark reform," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 17, 2007 Friday 11:20 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 90  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 for the Museum of Aviation in Warner
Robins, Georgia for expansion of the aviation flight and technology center.

"I think most taxpayers wish this earmark would crash and burn," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 10, 2007 Friday 1:00 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $125,000 to Tehachapi, California for design and
construction of a performing arts center.

"Let's hope this earmark doesn't get an encore," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 9, 2007 Thursday 1:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES PRESIDENT BUSH'S COMMENTS AGAINST RAISING GAS TAX

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today praised comments by President Bush against raising the gas tax.

Rather than raising the gas tax, President Bush suggested that Congress ought to
"revisit the process by which they spend gasoline money."

Congressman Flake has announced plans to introduce legislation that will prevent
states with deficient bridges from receiving transportation earmarks that are
not directly related to transportation, such as bike paths, transportation
museums, parking lots, and road beautification projects. Many of the more than
6,000 earmarks in the most recent transportation bill, which was signed into law
in 2005, went to such projects.

"Congress doesn't need to raise taxes to pay for bridge repair; we need to stop
wasting transportation funding on pork projects," said Flake.

Under the 2005 transportation bill, a state's transportation earmarks are
subtracted from that state's transportation funding allocation, so every dollar
spent on a bike path or transportation museum is a dollar the state cannot spend
on more important transportation needs, like bridge repair.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       August 6, 2007 Monday 1:17 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO INTRODUCE LEGISLATION PREVENTING STATES WITH DEFICIENT BRIDGES
FROM RECEIVING WASTEFUL TRANSPORTATION EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today announced that he plans to introduce legislation that will prevent states
with deficient bridges from receiving transportation earmarks that are not
directly related to transportation, such as bike paths, transportation museums,
parking lots, and road beautification projects. Many of the more than 6,000
earmarks in the most recent transportation bill went to such projects.

"It's difficult to justify spending money on parking lots and road
beautification projects when there are clearly more vital transportation needs,"
said Flake.

Under the transportation bill passed in 2005, a state's earmarks are subtracted
from that state's funding allocation, so every dollar spent on a bike path or
transportation museum is a dollar the state cannot spend on more important
transportation needs.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       August 3, 2007 Friday 5:35 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to Jacksonville, Illinois for renovation
to Crampton Hall at Illinois College.

"Congressional earmarking is cramping taxpayers' style," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 31, 2007 Tuesday 11:48 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE: EARMARK REFORM NOT ADEQUATE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 163  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that Congress has squandered an opportunity to
enact meaningful earmark reform.

"Until Congress concedes that our own practices contributed to recent scandals
as much as the actions of corrupt lobbyists, lobbying reform will not be truly
effective," said Flake.

"Earmarks have been the currency of corruption and, unfortunately, this lobbying
reform bill does not adequately address that problem."

In addition to the lack of meaningful earmark reform, the bill ignores several
positive earmark-related provisions added during consideration of the House
lobbying reform bill. A provision closing a loophole that exempts public
lobbyists from the House gift ban was ignored, as was language requiring
lobbyists to report which earmarks they lobby on behalf of.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 27, 2007 Friday 12:48 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE BLASTS BLOATED FARM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today expressed disappointment that the House of Representatives passed a farm
bill that raises taxes and perpetuates market-distorting, trade-hampering, and
fiscally irresponsible agricultural policies.

"If Congress can't reform a policy as antiquated as our farm policy under
circumstances as optimal as current economic conditions, then the prospects of
this Congress enacting any kind of meaningful reform of any important issue are
dim," said Flake.

Late last night, the House rejected an amendment Congressman Flake sponsored
with Congressman Ron Kind of Wisconsin.

The Fairness in Farm and Food Amendment would have represented real reform of
federal farm policy by gradually reducing direct payments and redirecting the
savings to other priorities, including $14 billion in deficit reduction over 10
years. The Fairness Amendment would have made farm policy market-oriented and
trade compliant, but the House rejected the amendment by a vote of 117 to 309.

"A strong economy and high crop prices presented us with a unique opportunity
for reform, and the House squandered that opportunity," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 27, 2007 Friday 12:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 100  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,000,000 to the Wheeling Park Commission for
the development of training facilities at Oglebay Park in Wheeling, West
Virginia.

"It looks like the squeaky wheel got the earmark," said Flake. "When it comes to
earmark reform, Congress is asleep at the wheel."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 20, 2007 Friday 1:15 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 to the Museum of the Moving Image in
Queens, New York for facility expansion.

"I give this earmark two thumbs way down," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 19, 2007 Thursday 1:17 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED BY LACK OF REFORM IN AGRICULTURE COMMITTEE'S FARM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today chided the House Agriculture Committee for marking up a farm bill lacking
serious reform.

"Market conditions and the current political environment have created a unique
opportunity for Congress to make serious, meaningful reforms to our farm
policy," said Flake. "If we squander this opportunity now, we may be stuck with
this antiquated policy for many more years."

"Not surprisingly, the farm bill produced by the Agriculture Committee does not
include serious reform. Limiting farm subsidy payments to those making less than
a million dollars a year hardly constitutes reform."

"The House Leadership will need to make significant changes to this bill before
they can claim to have reformed farm policy."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Ron Kind of Wisconsin, has introduced
FARM-21, which would transition farmers from today's costly and outdated subsidy
programs to a safety net that is fiscally responsible and trade compliant.
FARM-21 would create risk management accounts (RMAs) to help farmers survive
natural disasters and rapid changes in the market and in the process save
billions of taxpayer dollars.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 17, 2007 Tuesday 1:23 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CHALLENGES EARMARKS ON HOUSE FLOOR

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 135  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today offered three amendments striking earmarks from the Energy and Water
Appropriations bill. The House of Representatives rejected all three amendments.

Congressman Flake challenged the following earmarks:

* $1,000,000 for the ACE Program at Maricopa Community Colleges in Phoenix,
Arizona

* $750,000 for the Alliance for NanoHealth in Houston, Texas

* $1,000,000 to the Center for Instrumented Critical Infrastructure in
Johnstown, Pennsylvania

Last year, Congressman Flake offered a total of 39 amendments striking earmarks
from various appropriations bills. So far, he has offered 15 similar amendments
this year.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 17, 2007 Tuesday 1:09 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DELIVERS SPEECH ON EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 968  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following speech:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today delivered the following speech on the floor of the House of
Representatives:

"Mr. Speaker, I rise today out of concern for what earmarks are doing to this
body. Those of us on the Republican side understand very well the political
perils of this practice. Unfettered earmarking, and the corruption that
accompanies it, was a major factor in putting us right where we are today:
squarely in the minority.

"But there are greater concerns than which party is in the majority. I would
hope that all of us, Republicans and Democrats, would be concerned about what
earmarks are doing to the practice of authorization, appropriation, and
oversight that has been the hallmark of this institution for more than two
centuries.

"Proponents of earmarking defend the practice by noting that Article One of the
Constitution gives Congress the power of the purse, and that earmarking is
consistent with that responsibility. It is true that Congress has the power of
the purse. But the contemporary practice of earmarking circumvents, rather than
enhances, the careful execution of our responsibility as stewards of public
funds.

"Take the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill that we will consider this week. Under
the new earmark rules adopted earlier this year, a list of earmarks accompanies
the conference report. We received that list late last week. It contains 1,300
earmarks. Are we to assume that each of these 1,300 projects have been
individually scrubbed to ensure their appropriateness to the legislation?

"I suspect that, as the distinguished Chairman of the Appropriations Committee
said just weeks ago, there is no way to adequately screen these earmarks given
the tight appropriation schedule. The question needs to be asked: Why are we so
bent on moving forward with so many earmarks when we know we can't adequately
screen them?

"I should note that no House earmarks were approved in last year's Labor-HHS
bill. Last time I checked, the world didn't come crashing to a halt. What's
more, owing to the politics surrounding the bill, no earmarks were approved the
year before that. Here again, the planets seemed to stay in their orbit. The
Chairman has frequently pointed out that, until a decade ago, the Labor-HHS bill
wasn't earmarked at all. So, why are we so insistent on approving 1,300 earmarks
this week, earmarks that we know haven't been adequately vetted and scrubbed?

"Perhaps the most frequent justification for the contemporary practice of
earmarking is that, quote, 'Members of Congress know their districts better than
some faceless bureaucrat in Washington, DC.' I'm not here to defend faceless
bureaucrats. In fact, faceless bureaucrats often waste money on questionable
projects in my own district. Faceless bureaucrats in federal agencies waste so
much money that they need someone constantly looking over their shoulder. This
is why congressional oversight is so important.

"But, let's face it: when we approve congressional earmarks for indoor
rainforests in Iowa or teapot museums in North Carolina, we make the most
spendthrift faceless bureaucrat look frugal. Excess by federal agencies should
not excuse congressional excess. If federal agencies don't follow procedures
requiring competitive bidding or other processes we have mandated, we should act
by cutting funding and/or mandating improvements, not trying to one-up them with
equally suspect appropriations.

"As an aside, we saw just weeks ago that the majority of this chamber chose to
deny funding for an earmark requested by an individual member. For the record, I
offered the amendment to deny funding for the "Perfect Christmas Tree Project."
There was no federal nexus and it was not a wise use of federal dollars. But it
was no less worthy than hundreds of projects funded by the same legislation. I
would like to conclude that the amendment succeeded thanks to the compelling
case I presented, but I suspect that political payback had more to do with it.

"The distribution of earmarks is based on politics, not policy. Most
appropriations bills award 60 percent of the earmarks to the majority party and
40 percent to the minority party. Is there a policy reason for this allocation
that can reverse itself with an election? In most appropriations bills,
well-positioned members award themselves many more earmarks than rank and file
members receive. Are we to assume that districts represented by well-positioned
Members are needier than those represented by less seasoned Members of Congress?
In some appropriations bills, each member of the committee is given an equal
share of the available dollars. Are we to assume here that these districts have
identical needs?

"The truth is, we can try all we want to conjure up some sort of noble pedigree
for the contemporary practice of earmarking, but we are just drinking our own
bathwater if we think the public is buying it. It seems that over that past few
years we've tried to increase the number of earmarks enough so that the plaudits
we hear from earmark recipients will drown out the voices of taxpayers all over
the country who have had enough. It hasn't worked, thank goodness. For every
group that directly benefits from earmarks, there are hundreds who see it as a
transparent gimmick to assure our own reelection.

"Mr. Speaker, our constituents deserve better, and this institution deserves
better than we are giving it. Let's return to the time honored practice of
authorization, appropriation, and oversight that has served us so well."

* For Earmark Reform Floor Speech, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/Earmark%20Reform%20Floor%20Speech%2007-17-0
7.wmv.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 13, 2007 Friday 11:23 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 102  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $550,000 to the Skirball Cultural Center in Los
Angeles, California for development and construction of Noah's "pArk."

"Members of Congress are flooding the Appropriations Committee with earmark
requests. Let's hope they don't miss the boat on earmark reform," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 29, 2007 Friday 12:54 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $ 250,000 to Laurinburg, North Carolina for the
demolition of an old hospital.

"Fiscal responsibility in Congress is on life support," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 28, 2007 Thursday 1:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CHALLENGES EARMARKS ON HOUSE FLOOR

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
offered seven amendments striking earmarks from the Financial Services
Appropriations bill. The House of Representatives rejected all seven amendments.

"Congressional leaders have taken a lot of credit for implementing new earmark
reform measures but, unfortunately, the more things change, the more they stay
the same," said Flake.

Congressman Flake challenged the following earmarks:

* $231,000 for the Johnstown Area Regional Industries Incubator and Workforce
Development program in Johnstown, Pennsylvania

* $500,000 for the Barracks Row Main Street Inc. to revitalize the Eastern
Market Metro Plaza in Washington, D.C.

* $231,000 for the San Francisco Planning and Urban Research Association and
SPUR Urban Center in San Francisco, California

* $129,000 for the Mitchell County Development Foundation, Inc. for The Home of
the Perfect Christmas Tree project in Mitchell County, North Carolina

* $250,000 for the Fairplex Trade and Conference Center in Pomona, CA

* $231,000 for the Advantage West Economic Development Group, Certified
Entrepreneurial Community Program in North Carolina

* $231,000 for West Virginia University Research Corporation for renovations of
a small business incubator in Morgantown, West Virginia

Congressman Flake's amendment to strike funding for the Perfect Christmas Tree
project was successful, but the remaining six amendments failed.

Last year, Congressman Flake offered a total of 39 unsuccessful amendments
striking earmarks from various appropriations bills.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 28, 2007 Thursday 1:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENT PROHIBITING RETURN OF 'FAIRNESS DOCTRINE'

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 127  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, along with
Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana and Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas, today offered an
amendment preventing the Federal Communications Commission from reinstituting
the so-called "fairness doctrine."

The amendment to the Financial Service Appropriations bill prohibits funds in
the bill from being used to implement the "fairness doctrine."

"Rather than having the government regulate what people can say, we should let
the market decide what people want to hear," said Flake. "That's precisely why
the 'fairness doctrine' was abandoned, and that's why it ought not to be
revived."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 28, 2007 Thursday 12:31 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED IMMIGRATION REFORM BILL PULLED FROM SENATE FLOOR

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
expressed disappointment that the immigration reform bill has been pulled from
the Senate floor.

"We all agree that the status quo is unacceptable," said Flake. "So while
today's action may be praised by some or chided by others, it doesn't really
change anything. We still have a problem that needs a legislative solution, and
at some point we're going to have to come together and pass a bill we can agree
on."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, has
introduced the STRIVE Act, which would increase border security, strengthen
interior enforcement, create a temporary worker program, and deny amnesty to
illegal immigrants.

* For STRIVE Summary, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Summary.pdf.

* For STRIVE Overview, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Overview.pdf.

* For STRIVE Text, visit http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Act.pdf.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 27, 2007 Wednesday 1:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CHALLENGES EARMARKS ON HOUSE FLOOR

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 168  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
offered five amendments striking earmarks from the Interior and Environment
Appropriations bill. The House of Representatives rejected all five amendments.

"Earmark reform has been a high profile issue of late, and now Members have the
opportunity to go on record either supporting earmarks or opposing earmarks,"
said Flake.

Congressman Flake challenged the following earmarks:

* $1,200,000 for the Southwest Pennsylvania Heritage Preservation Commission

* $100,000 for a firefighters' hall in Columbus, Ohio

* $100,000 for the Philadelphia Art Museum's exterior fa?ade

* $150,000 for the Payne Art Gallery at Moravian College

* $150,000 for W.A. Young & Sons Foundry in Greene County, Pennsylvania

Last year, Congressman Flake offered a total of 39 amendments striking earmarks
from various appropriations bills.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 27, 2007 Wednesday 1:07 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, PENCE, HENSARLING TO OFFER AMENDMENT PROHIBITING RETURN OF
'FAIRNESS DOCTRINE'

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 145  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, along with
Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana and Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas, will offer an
amendment tomorrow preventing the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) from
reinstituting the so-called "fairness doctrine."

Congressmen Flake, Pence, and Hensarling will offer the amendment tomorrow
during consideration of the Financial Services Appropriations bill.

"The federal government should not be in the business of regulating speech,"
said Flake.

"Rather than having the government regulate what people can say, it's far more
preferable to let the market decide what people want to hear. That's precisely
why the 'fairness doctrine' was abandoned, and that's why it ought not to be
revived."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 22, 2007 Friday 1:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for the Detroit Science Center to create
a Space Science Discovery Lab.

"Congress is boldly going where no earmark has gone before," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 21, 2007 Thursday 1:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGED BY LEGISLATION EASING CUBA TRADE RESTRICTIONS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, was
encouraged today by legislation introduced by Senate Finance Committee Chairman
Max Baucus and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Charles Rangel that would
ease trade and travel restrictions with Cuba.

"Clearly, the momentum in Congress favors a new direction in our Cuba policy,"
said Flake.

"After nearly 50 years, it's safe to say that our current policy has failed. If
we're serious about hastening democratic reforms in Cuba, we need a new
approach. This legislation introduced today takes us in the right direction."

Earlier this year, Congressman Flake and Chairman Rangel introduced legislation
to lift the ban on Americans traveling to Cuba. While Congressman Flake supports
the major components of the bill introduced today, he hopes to work with the
sponsors to improve it.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 19, 2007 Tuesday 1:22 AM  EST

HOUSE AGRICULTURE SUBCOMMITTEE DEBATES FARM-21

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today urged
the House Agriculture Committee to give serious and fair consideration to farm
bill reform proposals, specifically the Food and Agriculture Risk Management for
the 21st Century Act (FARM-21).

"The farm bill reauthorization being drafted by the Agriculture Committee will
only further exacerbate problems with federal farm policy," said Flake.

"Congress has an opportunity to make farm policy fiscally sustainable and trade
compliant. I hope we don't squander that opportunity."

FARM-21 would transition farmers from today's costly and outdated subsidy
programs to a safety net that is fiscally responsible and trade compliant.
FARM-21 would create risk management accounts (RMAs) to help farmers survive
natural disasters and rapid changes in the market and in the process save
billions of taxpayer dollars.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 15, 2007 Friday 1:39 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 to Conway, Arkansas for downtown
revitalization.

"When you're alone and life is making you lonely, you can always get an earmark
for?downtown," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     June 13, 2007 Wednesday 12:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PLEASED THAT DEMOCRATS CHANGE COURSE ON EARMARK PLAN

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today was
pleased that House Democratic Leadership has ceded to Republican complaints
regarding House Appropriations Chairman David Obey's plan to add earmarks to
spending bills only after the House has passed the bills.

The agreement, as understood, calls for Democrats to move ahead this week on two
spending bills not traditionally vehicles for egregious earmarks, homeland
security appropriations and military construction appropriations, under earmark
reform rules passed last Congress. This will allow for a point of order on
earmarks that are air-dropped into conference reports.

The House Appropriations Committee will attach earmarks to the remaining
appropriations bills before consideration on the House floor, which will allow
Members to attempt to strike out individual earmarks.

"I'm pleased that the Democrats have come around on the issue, however
begrudgingly," said Flake.

"Both transparency and accountability are necessary for earmark reform to be
meaningful. Keeping earmarks secret until conference committees meet didn't
achieve either goal. This new plan should take us closer in that direction."

Last year, Congressman Flake offered 39 amendments to strike earmarks from
appropriations bill. He will offer similar amendments this year.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     June 13, 2007 Wednesday 12:43 AM  EST

FARM BILL REFORMERS INTRODUCE FARM-21 ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, joined with
Rep. Ron Kind of Wisconsin, David Reichert of Washington, and Joe Crowley of New
York in introducing the Food and Agriculture Risk Management for the 21st
Century Act (FARM-21).

FARM-21 would transition farmers from today's costly and outdated subsidy
programs to a safety net that is fiscally responsible and trade compliant.
FARM-21 would create risk management accounts (RMAs) to help farmers survive
natural disasters and rapid changes in the market and in the process save
billions of taxpayer dollars.

"Not only does our current federal farm policy hamper free trade, but it's
simply not fiscally sustainable," said Rep. Flake. "Farm policy is badly in need
of reform. This legislation is the first step in putting farm policy on a more
trade-friendly and financially responsible path."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 11, 2007 Monday 3:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: PRINTING EARMARKS IN CONGRESSIONAL RECORD IS NOT ENOUGH

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 124  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
panned House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey's proposal to print
earmarks in the Congressional Record before adding them into conference reports.

"Transparency and accountability have always been the two essential components
of effective earmark reform," said Flake.

"Simply printing earmarks in the Congressional Record is not enough. Absent a
legislative mechanism to remove individual earmarks, Chairman Obey's proposal
lacks accountability."

Last year, Congressman Flake offered 39 amendments to strike earmarks from
appropriations bill.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 8, 2007 Friday 4:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 to Ben Franklin Transit in Washington
State for maintenance and an operations facility.

"A penny saved is an earmark spurned," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 8, 2007 Friday 4:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED IN SENATE IMMIGRATION REFORM SETBACK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 159  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
expressed disappointment that the immigration reform bill has been pulled from
the Senate calendar.

"Inaction on immigration reform is a victory for no one," said Flake, "so I hope
that this latest setback in the Senate is just a delay and not a death knell."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, has
introduced the STRIVE Act, which would increase border security, strengthen
interior enforcement, create a temporary worker program, and deny amnesty to
illegal immigrants.

* For STRIVE Summary, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Summary.pdf.

* For STRIVE Overview, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Overview.pdf.

* For STRIVE Text, visit http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Act.pdf.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 6, 2007 Wednesday 2:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ASKS OMB DIRECTOR PORTMAN TO REITERATE OPPOSITION TO EARMARKS IN
CONFERENCE REPORTS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today sent
a letter to the Office of Management and Budget Director Rob Portman regarding
the intention of House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey to put all
earmarks in conference reports.

Under the plan, earmarks would not be inserted until bills reach conference
committees. This would prevent individual earmarks from being challenged and
would delay the scrutiny of earmarks until it is too late to take action.

"Not only does slipping earmarks into conference reports negate the reforms this
Congress has made, but it signifies a huge step backwards," said Flake.

"Hopefully, the prospect of having spending bills vetoed will spur House
appropriators to play by the rules."

Last year, Congressman Flake offered 39 amendments to strike earmarks from
appropriations bills. Under the Democratic plan to drop earmarks into conference
reports, Congressman Flake would not have the ability to offer similar
amendments this year.

* For Letter to Portman, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/Portman%20Letter%2006-06-07.pdf.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 1, 2007 Friday 1:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 85  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 to Gulfport, Florida for renovations to
the Gulfport Scout Hall.

"With Congress about to begin work on appropriations bills, taxpayers need to be
prepared," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 29, 2007 Tuesday 2:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES COMMENTS BY PRESIDENT BUSH ON IMMIGRATION REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 147  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised comments by President Bush regarding immigration reform.

"As the former governor of a border state, President Bush brings experience to
this debate that most of us in Congress cannot match," said Flake.

"Those in Congress who may disagree with the President on this issue certainly
can't disregard his credibility on it. President Bush has been consistent on the
need for comprehensive immigration reform, and he's been consistently right."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, has
introduced the STRIVE Act, which would increase border security, strengthen
interior enforcement, create a temporary worker program, and deny amnesty to
illegal immigrants.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 25, 2007 Friday 3:35 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 90  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $350,000 to El Monte, California for construction
of a community gymnasium.

"It may be a slam dunk for these residents, but this earmark feels like a
flagrant foul to taxpayers everywhere else," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 24, 2007 Thursday 4:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PLEASED GIFT BAN LOOPHOLE CLOSURE INCLUDED IN LOBBYING REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
applauded the inclusion of language closing the gift ban loophole in the
lobbying reform bill.

Members of Congress and their staff are not permitted to accept gifts from
private lobbyists, but lobbyists for public entities, such as local governments
and public universities that routinely lobby Congress, are exempt from that ban.

Congressman Flake and House Republican Leader John Boehner offered an amendment
to the House Rules Committee to close the loophole, but Democrats blocked the
amendment from consideration on the House floor. However, the language was added
as part of the Republican motion to recommit, which the House passed.

"There's no reason why public lobbyists ought to be treated any differently than
private lobbyists," said Flake.

The motion to recommit also included language authored by Congressman Flake that
would require lobbyists to disclose the earmarks for which they have lobbied
Congress.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 22, 2007 Tuesday 2:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE BLASTS DEMOCRATIC PLAN TO DROP EARMARKS IN CONFERENCE REPORTS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
criticized a plan by House Democratic appropriators to delay inserting earmarks
into appropriations bills until after they have been approved by the House.
Earmarks would only appear once the bills reach the conference committee.

The plan would prevent individual earmarks from being challenged and would delay
scrutiny and transparency of earmarks until it is too late to take action.

"This is a huge step backwards on earmark reform," said Flake. "As bad as the
earmark process is now, this would make it immensely worse."

Last year, Congressman Flake offered 39 amendments to strike earmarks from
appropriations bill. Under the Democratic plan to drop earmarks into conference
reports, Congressman Flake would not have the ability to offer similar
amendments this year.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 21, 2007 Monday 5:58 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES SENATE FOR TAKING ANOTHER STEP TOWARD COMPREHENSIVE
IMMIGRATION REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised the U.S. Senate for beginning debate on comprehensive immigration reform
legislation.

"Congress' inability to pass comprehensive immigration reform legislation
justifies much of the anger that has been directed our way on this issue," said
Flake. "The Senate deserves praise for taking a step closer to a solution."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois, has
introduced the STRIVE Act, which would increase border security, strengthen
interior enforcement, create a temporary worker program, and deny amnesty to
illegal immigrants.

* For STRIVE Summary, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Summary.pdf.

* For STRIVE Overview, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Overview.pdf.

* For STRIVE Text, visit http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Act.pdf.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 18, 2007 Friday 3:30 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: MESA, Arizona.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $75,000 to Marathon, Florida for the
redevelopment of Boot Key Municipal Harbor.

"The key to fiscal responsibility is to give earmarks the boot," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 16, 2007 Wednesday 3:26 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED DEMOCRATIC LOBBYING REFORM PROPOSAL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
panned a Democratic lobbying reform proposal. The Democratic plan does not close
a loophole in current House rules that exempts public lobbyists from
congressional gift ban rules.

Members of Congress and their staff are not permitted to accept gifts from
private lobbyists but lobbyists for public entities, such as local governments
and public universities that routinely lobby Congress, are exempt from that ban.

"There's no reason why public lobbyists ought to be treated any better than
private lobbyists," said Flake. "This Democratic lobbying reform proposal needs
a lot of work, and closing this loophole is a good place to start."

Congressman Flake introduced legislation in March that would close the loophole
by extending gift ban rules to public lobbyists, in addition to private
lobbyists.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 16, 2007 Wednesday 3:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CHIDES HOUSE RULES COMMITTEE FOR BLOCKING AMENDMENTS TO STRIP
EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
chided the House Rules Committee for failing to make several amendments to the
defense authorization bill in order. Rep. Flake submitted amendments blocking
several earmarks to the Rules Committee earlier this week.

"At a minimum, defense earmarks ought to be defense-related," said Flake. "There
are earmarks in this bill that seem to have a remote relationship, at best, to
defense, but the Rules Committee has blocked any debate on them."

"The authorization process is the appropriate time to debate the merit of these
earmarks. By the time we get to the appropriations process, sponsors of these
earmarks can say the projects have already been authorized and dismiss any
scrutiny."

"This is not how the process is supposed to work."

Congressman Flake prepared amendments to block four earmarks in the defense
authorization bill: a project at a former Navy facility in San Francisco, funds
for a business consortium in California, an initiative at a hospital in North
Carolina, and funds for a business consortium in Michigan.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 10, 2007 Thursday 8:24 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS MOTION FOR SECRET SESSION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
offered a motion to send the House of Representatives into a secret session in
order to debate details of several earmarks included in the Intelligence
Authorization bill. The motion was defeated 207-217.

A list of earmarks in the bill was not released until five hours after the
deadline for submitting amendments to the bill to the House Rules Committee.

"How are we supposed to conduct sufficient oversight when we can't even debate
earmarks in the bill?" asked Flake.

"A former colleague of ours is in jail right now for abusing the intelligence
earmarking process. When his misdeeds came to light, we finally pledged to add
some safeguards to this process. But these safeguards aren't being respected."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 9, 2007 Wednesday 1:42 AM  EST

TRANSPARENCY LEGISLATION INTRODUCED BY REPS. FLAKE, WEINER INCLUDED IN HOMELAND
SECURITY AUTHORIZATION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today was
pleased that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) authorization bill
included legislation he has introduced with Congressman Anthony Weiner of New
York.

The provision in the DHS authorization bill mirrors the Homeland Security
Transparency Act, which Congressmen Flake and Weiner introduced in March. The
legislation requires state and local governments that receive DHS grants to file
quarterly reporters detailing how those funds have been spent.

The legislation was crafted after numerous media reports of waste and abuse of
DHS grants, such as kennels for stray animals in California, bingo halls in
Kentucky, flat screen televisions in Maryland, and bullet-proof vests for dogs
in Ohio.

While Congressman Flake did not support the DHS authorization bill because it
expands the bureaucracy at the department as well as creating several
duplicative and problematic programs, he was glad that the Homeland Security
Transparency Act was included.

"Spending money on homeland security simply for the sake of spending money on
homeland security does not make anybody safer," said Flake. "We need to make
sure that homeland security funds are being spent effectively, and disclosure is
the first step in that process."

* For CBS 03-01-07, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/CBS%2003-01-07.wmv.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 4, 2007 Friday 3:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $275,000 for the renovation of a building to
house a library and computer lab in Savannah, Georgia.

"Runaway spending in Congress may seem like a virus, but it's actually just user
error," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 27, 2007 Friday 3:39 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 93  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $50,000 for rehabilitation of a multi-purpose
room and kitchen in the Oak View Park and Resource Center in Oak View,
California.

"Taxpayers are hungry for fiscal responsibility, but are being force-fed
earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 26, 2007 Thursday 5:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TESTIFIES BEFORE HOUSE IMMIGRATION SUBCOMMITTEE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 166  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, testified
today before the House Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Immigration,
Citizenship, Refugees, Border Security, and International Law.

Congressman Flake addressed the employer verification provisions in the STRIVE
Act (H.R. 1645), which he has introduced with Congressman Luis Gutierrez of
Illinois.

"The ability of employers to quickly and accurately verify the legal status of
workers is an essential component of comprehensive immigration reform," said
Flake.

The STRIVE Act creates the Employment Eligibility Verification System, which
mandates that the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security
Administration develop a mandatory system for employers to verify the legal
status of all new workers. It also increases penalties for employers who
continue to operate outside of the law.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 26, 2007 Thursday 2:21 AM  EST

STRIVE ACT FOR THE HILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 745  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following column:

Immigration reform is a contentious issue. The interns in my office can attest
to that. Every time I do an interview on the issue, my dutiful interns can
expect a deluge of phone calls expressing enthusiastic disagreement, to put it
kindly, with some of my positions.

As Congress prepares to take up immigration reform legislation this year, we
need to remember that the way in which we conduct this debate will have an
enormous impact on our ability to succeed. A debate that is civil and respectful
is absolutely necessary if we hope to solve this problem.

Rhetoric on immigration reform has a tendency to get overheated (that goes for
folks on both sides of the issue). That rhetoric has a way of making the gulf
between the two sides seem much larger than it is. Frankly, there is quite a lot
that we can agree on.

Congressman Luis Gutierrez (D-Ill.) and I have introduced comprehensive
immigration reform legislation, the STRIVE Act, that we believe addresses
concerns shared by us all. It tackles the major components necessary for reform
to be effective: border security, interior enforcement, a mechanism for foreign
workers to enter the country legally, and no amnesty for illegal immigrants.

The first section of the bill improves border security. While the majority of
those entering the country simply want to work, some have sinister motives. We
need to be able to prevent terrorists, drug smugglers, and others who wish us
harm from entering the country. The bill augments border personnel, accelerates
the use of technology at the border, strengthens biometric requirements for
identification documents, and includes many other measures designed to end the
current lawlessness at the border.

Of course, many illegal immigrants did not sneak across the border at all; they
simply overstayed a visa. Strengthening interior enforcement is as critical as
increasing border security. The bill creates a verification system that allows
employers to check a new hire's legal status and stiffens penalties on employers
who break the law. With the creation of a legal framework for foreign workers
and the tools to check the status of employees, employers will have no excuse to
ignore immigration laws.

In addition to granting amnesty to illegal immigrants, a major failure of the
1986 immigration reform bill was its lack of a mechanism for new workers to
enter the country legally, which made the bill obsolete on the day it was
signed. Failure to include a program for new workers will only leave a future
Congress to deal with a mess we have created, just as we deal with the '86
bill's deficiencies now.

Under our bill, the program for new workers will respond to our economy's need
for additional workers. We require the employer to take sufficient steps to
ensure that foreign workers are only filling jobs that cannot be filled by
domestic workers. Workers who demonstrate job qualifications, pass a background
check, pay a fee, and satisfy other measures are eligible for a three-year visa,
which could be renewed once. Implementation of the new temporary-worker program
would be conditional on progress securing the border.

Finally, immigrants currently in the country illegally must not be given
amnesty. Under our bill, those in the country illegally would be forced to pay
fines, undergo background checks, meet English-language and civics requirements,
pay back taxes, and, most importantly, go to the back of the line (not be given
a shortcut to a green card like in 1986) if they wish to adjust their status.
The bill also includes a "touchback" provision that would require these illegal
immigrants to leave the country and reenter legally, registering with the
US-VISIT program as they do.

President Bush deserves praise for his tone on immigration reform. He has
consistently reminded participants in this debate that all human beings,
regardless of nationality, deserve respect. I hope that, as we begin work on
immigration reform legislation, we remember that this includes people who may
not agree with us on the finer points of the issue. My interns will appreciate
it.

* For STRIVE Summary, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Summary.pdf.

* For STRIVE Overview, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Overview.pdf.

* For STRIVE Text, visit http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Act.pdf.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 24, 2007 Tuesday 7:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGES CHAIRMAN OBEY TO FORGO EARMARKS IN FISCAL 2008 BILLS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 116  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
encouraged House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey to keep fiscal
year 2008 appropriations bills free of earmarks.

As reported today by CongressDaily, Chairman Obey is considering keeping
earmarks out of this year's appropriations bills.

"Getting rid of earmarks this year would certainly upset many Members of
Congress and anger most lobbyists," said Flake, "but it sure would make
taxpayers happy. I hope that that's the constituency that Chairman Obey keeps in
mind as he makes this decision."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 20, 2007 Friday 7:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 to Sparks, Nevada for facility
renovation at Deer Park.

"This may not seem like a lot of doe, but these earmarks add up to some serious
bucks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 18, 2007 Wednesday 7:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS SUPREME COURT DECISION UPHOLDING PARTIAL BIRTH ABORTION BAN

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
applauded the decision by the United States Supreme Court upholding the partial
birth abortion ban.

"I'm glad that the Supreme Court has confirmed that banning this gruesome
practice is well within the bounds of the Constitution," said Flake. "No one
should consider this gruesome procedure a constitutional right."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 18, 2007 Wednesday 7:36 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST FINANCIAL LITERACY MONTH

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 119  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today voted
against H.Res. 273, which supports the goals and ideals of Financial Literacy
Month.

Among the goals of Financial Literacy Month is encouraging individuals to become
prepared to manage money, credit, and debt.

"Given our record of deficits, unfunded liabilities, debt, and wasteful
spending, Congress is in no position to dispense financial advice," said Flake.

"Rather than passing a non-binding resolution, Congress could better promote
Financial Literacy Month by actually acting a little more financially literate."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 13, 2007 Friday 4:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for facilities construction at North
Creek Ski Bowl in Warren County, New York.

"I guess fiscal responsibility isn't the only thing going downhill," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 4, 2007 Wednesday 2:36 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 94  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $400,000 to Rugby, North Dakota to support
construction and other projects within two REAP (Rural Economic Area
Partnership) zones.

"The earmark season is upon us, and Members of Congress are ready to join the
scrum," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 1, 2007 Sunday 2:24 AM  EST

STRIVE ACT FOR ARIZONA REPUBLIC

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 781  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following column:

I think it's safe to say that there is universal agreement that our nation's
immigration system is broken. Unfortunately, it sometimes feels like that is
where agreement on the issue ends.

Enactment of meaningful immigration-reform legislation will require support from
both Republicans and Democrats. While that may be an explanation for why
Congress has yet to send a bill to the president, it ought not to be an excuse.

I recently introduced a comprehensive immigration-reform bill with Democratic
Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois. Our bill, the STRIVE Act, has four major
components that any serious immigration proposal must have: border security,
interior enforcement, a mechanism for foreign workers to enter the country
legally, and no amnesty for illegal immigrants.

The first and longest section of the bill improves border security. Not all
immigrants enter the country with good intentions. We have to be able to prevent
terrorists, drug smugglers, and others who mean us harm from entering the
country. To that end, the bill increases border personnel, accelerates
technology at the border, requires biometric enhancements to identification
documents, and includes many other measures designed to end the lawlessness at
the border.

The bill strengthens interior enforcement by increasing the penalties and
expanding the crimes associated with illegal immigration. In addition to
stopping illegal immigrants at the border, law enforcement officials need the
resources to pursue those who overstay their visas. The bill also creates a
verification system that allows employers to check a new hire's legal status and
stiffens penalties on employers that usurp the law. With the creation of a legal
framework for foreign workers and the tools to check the status of employees,
employers will have no excuse to flout immigration laws.

Aside from giving illegal aliens a shortcut to a green card, a major failure of
the 1986 immigration-reform bill was its lack of a mechanism for new workers to
enter the country legally, which made the bill outdated on the day it was signed
into law. Repeating this mistake would put us back in the same position we're
currently facing in a decade or two from now.

Under our bill, the program for new workers will respond to our economy's need
for additional workers. We require sufficient steps to ensure that foreign
workers are filling only jobs that cannot be filled by domestic workers.

Workers who demonstrate job qualifications, pass a background check, pay a fee
and satisfy other measures are eligible for a three-year visa, which could be
renewed once. Implementation of the new temporary-worker program would be
conditioned on progress toward securing the border.

Finally, immigrants currently in the country illegally must not be given
amnesty. Under our bill, those here illegally would be forced to pay fines,
undergo background checks, meet English and civics requirements, pay back taxes
and, most importantly, go to the back of the line (not be given a shortcut to a
green card like in 1986) if they wish to adjust their status.

The bill includes a "touchback" provision that would require these illegal
immigrants to leave the country and re-enter legally, registering with the
US-VISIT program as they do.

Some may believe that these punishments are too harsh and that illegal
immigrants will ignore them. However, once a legal framework is in place for
immigrants and border security and interior enforcement have been enhanced, it
will be very difficult for illegal immigrants to live outside the law. Put
simply, it is prohibitively expensive to live anywhere in the United States if
you don't have a job, and registering with the program is the only way to obtain
the documents necessary to work.

While every area of the country is dealing with the negative consequences of
illegal immigration, the costs borne by Arizona's citizens are particularly
acute.

We simply can't afford to continue the status quo. For those concerned about
amnesty, I've got news: We're living it right now. Any proposal that is not
comprehensive in nature will simply ensure that this amnesty - this lack of
consequences for illegal activity - will continue long into the future.

The status quo is something, I think we can all agree, that we've had enough of.

* For STRIVE Summary, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Summary.pdf.

* For STRIVE Overview, visit
http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Overview.pdf.

* For STRIVE Text, visit http://flake.house.gov/UploadedFiles/STRIVE%20Act.pdf.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 29, 2007 Thursday 2:20 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES BILL TO CLOSE LOOPHOLE IN EARMARK RULES

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 159  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
introduced legislation to close a loophole in the House rules that permits
committee chairmen to waive earmark rules by simply declaring that a bill
contains no earmarks.

The loophole was recently used during House debate on the emergency
supplemental. An earmark for the Stennis Space Center in Mississippi was not
subject to points of order because Appropriations Committee Chairman Obey
certified that the bill was earmark-free.

"What use are earmark rules if committee chairmen simply pretend that there are
no earmarks?" said Flake.

"I'm reminded of Humpty Dumpty's line in Through the Looking-Glass: 'When I use
a word, it means just what I choose it to mean.' Unfortunately, the House
Leadership seems to have taken a cue from Humpty Dumpty on earmark reform."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 27, 2007 Tuesday 2:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENTS TO CUT QUESTIONABLE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY
PROGRAMS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
offered two amendments to the Rail and Public Transportation Security Act.

One amendment would prevent an increase in the number of puppies that the
Transportation Security Administration (TSA) can breed under the Puppy Program.

Another amendment would prevent the creation of a new Department of Homeland
Security grant program for private bus companies.

"I've got nothing against puppies, but I do question the federal government's
ability to make dog breeding more efficient," said Flake. "Surely, this is a job
better suited for the private sector."

"Throwing money at a problem is not a new concept in Congress, but many of us
had hoped to break this trend when the Department of Homeland Security was
created. Unfortunately, that doesn't appear to be the case."

Congressman Flake has been a proponent of a threat-based formula for homeland
security grants. He has also introduced the Homeland Security Transparency Act
with Congressman Anthony Weiner of New York, which would root out waste and
abuse of homeland security grants.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 23, 2007 Friday 3:37 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for the restoration of the Barns of Rose
Hill in Berryville, Virginia.

"When it comes to fiscal responsibility, Congress couldn't hit the broad side of
a barn," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 22, 2007 Thursday 4:32 AM  EST

STRIVE ACT OF 2007 - AT A GLANCE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 578  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Securing our borders

The STRIVE Act increases enforcement personnel on the border. It also requires a
thorough evaluation of information-sharing, international and
federal-state-local coordination, technology, anti-smuggling, and other border
security initiatives to ensure that we are doing everything possible to bolster
border security. The Gutierrez-Flake bill also calls for the development of
multilateral partnerships to establish a North American security perimeter and
improve border security on the Mexican southern border.

Strengthening interior enforcement

The Gutierrez-Flake bill increases penalties for crimes committed by immigrants,
including those related to smuggling and gang activities. The legislation
includes provisions to combat passport and visa fraud, and it increases
penalties for trafficking in fake documents. The bill also stiffens penalties
related to illegal immigration.

Bolstering employment verification

The STRIVE Act sets up an employment verification system whereby employers would
be required to confirm each potential employee's eligibility to work. The new
system would eventually apply to all workers and all new hires, and would be
rolled out in phases, beginning with critical infrastructure employers and large
employers. The legislation increases penalties against employers who do not
comply with the new system.

New worker program that reflects realities of our workforce

The Gutierrez-Flake bill sets up a new worker program for low-skilled workers,
when a U.S. worker cannot be found to fill a needed job. It addresses the
failures and problems with past worker programs and charts a new course that
better protects workers, while more effectively and efficiently meeting the
needs of employers. The program mandates strong workplace protections. In
addition, employers would be required to provide foreign workers with the same
wages and working conditions enjoyed by U.S. workers. Workers also would have
the ability to change jobs and eventually get on a path to citizenship, if they
choose. The worker visa would be valid for 3 years and renewable once.

Reforming a broken visa system in a way that protects families

The STRIVE Act overhauls the family-based and employment-based immigration
system to reduce backlogs and inefficiencies. The legislation provides
opportunities for high skilled workers to come to, and remain in, the U.S. It
also addresses employment needs in shortage occupations, such as nursing.

Earned legalization for hardworking, deserving individuals

Under the legislation, undocumented workers, who pay a fine and pass extensive
and thorough background examinations, would be eligible for conditional status
with work and travel authorization for 6 years. If, during those six years, the
worker remains employed, continues to be an upstanding member of the community,
learns English and civics, and pays any owed taxes, they could be eligible to
adjust their status if they leave the country and re-enter legally.

The Gutierrez-Flake bill also includes the DREAM Act and AgJobs, as introduced
in the 110th Congress.

Miscellaneous

The bill also would increase resources for the immigration court system,
provides relief for immigrant victims of the 9-11 attacks and their families,
and it facilitates naturalization for members of the armed forces.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 22, 2007 Thursday 4:29 AM  EST

REPS. GUTIERREZ, FLAKE UNVEIL BIPARTISAN COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM
LEGISLATION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Reps. Luis V. Gutierrez (D-IL) and Jeff Flake (R-AZ.) Thursday unveiled new
legislation designed to fix our nation's badly broken immigration system. The
legislation is the culmination of years of hard work, in-depth discussions and
thoughtful negotiations by Reps. Gutierrez and Flake.

"The bill we are discussing today is all about security-homeland security,
family security and economic security," Gutierrez said. "It will allow us to
better protect our borders and reform an immigration system that is hampering
businesses, hurting families and harming communities."

"Our current immigration laws are at odds with reality," said Flake. "This bill
addresses that problem by bolstering border security, increasing interior
enforcement, and creating a temporary worker program that's enforceable and
fair."

The bill, the STRIVE Act of 2007 (Security Through Regularized Immigration and a
Vibrant Economy), would overhaul the current immigration system in a way that
better protects and enforces our borders, respects the hard work and
contributions of immigrants to our country and reflects the realities of our
workforce and the needs of our communities.

If enacted, the Gutierrez-Flake bill would ensure that we have an immigration
system in place that meets the security and economic needs of our nation by
creating laws that are tough, enforceable and realistic.

Congressman Joseph Crowley (D-NY) said, "It is time that we pass comprehensive
immigration reform that balances our nation's security with a realistic and
humane approach to dealing with the 11 million undocumented individuals already
in the United States. This bipartisan legislation enforces accountability and
strong border controls, while offering an earned path to citizenship to those
who have contributed to our society through hard work. I thank Congressmen Luis
Gutierrez and Jeff Flake for renewing their cooperation on this issue so we can
finally move forward in fixing our broken immigration system."

"This is good, common sense legislation that addresses border security and the
millions of undocumented workers in our country," said Congressman George
Radanovich (R-CA). "I am particularly pleased to see the AgJOBS language
included in this bill so our nation's farmers get the help they need to put food
on our tables."

"As the son of an immigrant and a resident of Chicago, I know first-hand, that
immigrants make this country strong. Those who have lived in this country for
years - who have held jobs, started families and established roots in American
communities - deserve the opportunity to earn their citizenship," said
Congressman Rahm Emanuel (D-IL). "This legislation enhances protections for
immigrants already living and working in the U.S., provides for effective
security enforcement, assists in family reunification, encourages legality at
our borders, and most importantly treats all immigrants with the dignity and
respect they deserve. I am proud to join members from both sides of the aisle in
introducing this reform."

"Only a comprehensive immigration reform plan like the STRIVE Act will help us
achieve an effective, lasting, and viable solution to the immigration issues
facing our nation," said Congressman Luis G. Fortu?o (R-PR), chair of the
Congressional Hispanic Conference.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 16, 2007 Friday 2:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $175,000 for construction of the Agua Caliente
Cultural Museum in Palm Springs, California.

"Earmarks like this really put us in hot water," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 15, 2007 Thursday 2:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES LEGISLATION CLOSING GIFT BAN LOOPHOLE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 130  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
introduced legislation that would close a loophole in the House ethics rules
that exempts public lobbyists from the gift ban.

Members of Congress and their staff are not permitted to accept gifts from
private lobbyists but lobbyists for public entities, such as local governments
and public universities that routinely lobby Congress, are exempt from that ban.

Congressman Flake's legislation would broaden the gift ban to include public
lobbyists in addition to private lobbyists.

"There's no reason why public lobbyists ought to be treated differently than
private lobbyists," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 9, 2007 Friday 1:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 71  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,000,000 for beef improvement research in
Missouri and Texas.

"This earmark is a bunch of bull," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 9, 2007 Friday 1:48 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, SCHIFF TROUBLED BY PATRIOT ACT ABUSE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 401  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's 6th District, and
Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff, who represents California's 29th District,
were deeply troubled today by reports of abuse of PATRIOT Act powers by the
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).

An audit by the Justice Department found that the FBI improperly used powers
afforded to them by the PATRIOT Act to acquire personal information on U.S.
citizens.

"Obviously, this news is very troubling," said Flake. "Congressional action will
likely be necessary, but we need to investigate further before we determine an
appropriate course."

"The abuses of authority we learned of today are alarming and must be
addressed," said Schiff. "It was most disturbing to learn that there were many
cases in which federal agents demanded records and made assurances that grand
jury subpoenas were forthcoming - when none was later provided or even
contemplated. I commend House Judiciary Committee Chairman Conyers for
announcing his intention to immediately schedule hearings on this issue so that
Congress can probe these abuses and determine what legislative response is
necessary."

Reps. Schiff and Flake were the only two members who attended a briefing by the
FBI on the details that were the subject of the report released today by the
Justice Department's Inspector General. The damaging report found systemic
failures in the use of National Security Letters (NSLs) and repeated errors in
the FBI's ability to follow the strict guidelines within the Patriot Act.

Most disturbingly, the report identifies over 700 occasions in which the FBI
circumvented the requirements of national security letter authorities and
internal FBI policy by using a tool known as "exigent letters," signed by
personnel not authorized to sign NSLs, to immediately obtain information from
telecommunications companies. These letters - requesting information on
approximately 3,000 different telephone numbers - falsely indicated that grand
jury subpoenas had been requested and many of these letters were not issued in
exigent circumstances.

Congressmen Flake and Schiff have introduced the NSA Oversight Act, a bipartisan
measure that will modernize the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to respond
to changes in technology and new threats.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 9, 2007 Friday 1:45 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CRITICIZES DECISION TO ADD EXTRANEOUS SPENDING TO WAR FUNDING

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 138  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
criticized the Democrats' decision to add more than $10 billion in extraneous
items to the supplemental spending bill to fund operations in Iraq.

"I hope that the Democrats reconsider their decision not to put forward a clean
Iraq spending bill," said Flake. "It's difficult to have an honest debate on
funding for the war when these unrelated items have been tacked on."

Among the add-ons is $4.3 billion in agriculture disaster relief.

"The agriculture spending is particularly offensive, given that we were told
during debate on the last farm bill that, if we increased annual subsidies,
these ad hoc agriculture disaster bills would end."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 8, 2007 Thursday 4:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO PRESIDENT REGARDING EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today sent
President Bush a letter urging him to continue to instruct federal departments
and agencies to disregard earmarks not included in the actual text of
appropriations bills.

Office of Management and Budget Director Rob Portman issued a memo last month
instructing federal departments and agencies to refrain from using funds
provided in the spending bill for fiscal year 2007 on earmarks that have not
been included in statutory language.

As Congress begins work on spending bills for fiscal year 2008, Congressman
Flake urged President Bush to continue the policy, which would subject earmarks
to increased levels of scrutiny and accountability.

"The deadline for earmark requests is next week, and Congress is ready to make
up for lost time," said Flake. "By announcing that he won't fund earmarks that
aren't included in the legislative text of bills, President Bush can keep us
from falling back into old habits."

Congressman Flake has introduced legislation (H.R. 631) that would require that
earmarks be included in the legislative text of bills.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 28, 2007 Wednesday 2:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGED BY ADMINISTRATION'S COMMITMENT TO COMPREHENSIVE
IMMIGRATION REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 159  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today was
encouraged by comments made by Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff and
Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez at the Senate Judiciary Committee's hearing
on immigration reform.

"Input and assistance from the Administration is critical if Congress hopes to
pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill this year," said Flake.

"There aren't many issues where President Bush and this Congress are going to be
able to come together and enact meaningful, substantive legislation, but this is
one such issue. It's an opportunity that none of us can afford to squander."

Congressman Flake and Congressman Luis Gutierrez are working with Senators
Kennedy and McCain to author a comprehensive immigration reform bill, which they
will introduce in the coming weeks.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 26, 2007 Monday 2:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES DOT DECISION TO DENY DAKOTA, MINNESOTA, EASTERN RAILROAD LOAN

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised the decision by the Department of Transportation and the Federal
Railroad Administration to deny the $2.3 billion loan application by Dakota,
Minnesota, and Eastern (DM&E) railroad.

Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph H. Boardman concluded that the loan posed
too great a risk to taxpayers.

"This loan was bad on many levels," said Flake. "Aside from simply being
financially risky, it was an inappropriate intrusion by the federal government
into the marketplace."

"The Department of Transportation exercised good judgment in denying this loan.
I hope that it's a sign that similar loans will not be awarded in the future."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 26, 2007 Monday 2:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 74  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $432,000 to the Iowa Soybean Association.

"This is why Members of Congress make bad bean counters," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 22, 2007 Thursday 5:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE GETS HIGHEST SCORE IN CONGRESS FROM NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 116  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
received the highest score from the National Taxpayers Union on their annual
scorecard rating of Members of Congress on fiscal policy beneficial to
taxpayers.

The National Taxpayers Union compiles the score by reviewing every congressional
vote that affects tax, debt, spending, and regulatory issues.

For the fourth year in a row, Congressman Flake received the highest score in
the House of Representatives.

More information on the National Taxpayers Union's scorecard can be found at
http://www.ntu.org.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 16, 2007 Friday 5:35 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 161  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $96,300 to Coral Gables, Florida for renovations
to the Biltmore Hotel.

"Sometimes I wish Congress had turndown service; we have a hard time turning
down any chance to spend money," said Flake.

"We ought to be (mini-)barred from funding pork projects like this."

According to its website, "the Biltmore Hotel is a national historic landmark
property offering luxury accommodations and 76,000 square feet of meeting
facilities, as well as a championship 18-hole golf course, tennis facilities,
spa, fitness center, a premier membership wine club-The Cellar Club, and the
largest hotel swimming pool in the continental United States."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 15, 2007 Thursday 1:48 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENTS OPPOSING IRAQ RESOLUTION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee,
today made the following remarks in opposition to House Concurrent Resolution
63:

"I rise today in opposition to the resolution before us. I wish that I could do
so with the type of surety that seems to motivate many of my colleagues on this
issue. But such resolute certainty escapes me.

"I don't have a military background. In fact, few of us debating this resolution
do. But each of us can find generals and former generals who will support
virtually every option we wish to lay on the table.

"In the end, as legislators, we are left with our own counsel. Hopefully, such
counsel is informed by briefings, hearings, meetings and visits to the region.
But we cannot, and should not, try to place ourselves in the position of
commander-in-chief. Our system of government wisely gives that role to the chief
executive.

"This is not to say, however, that we shouldn't be having this discussion. Some
have said that simply debating this resolution emboldens our enemies. Perhaps
they are right. But we would not suspend due process in this country because it
might embolden criminals - it is a price we are willing to pay. Likewise,
debating the merits of war is what democratic nations do.

"My own thoughts on the situation in Iraq are as follows: I have little
confidence that a surge in troop levels will change the situation in Iraq in any
substantive fashion. It seems clear that the violence in Iraq is increasingly
sectarian, and inserting more troops in this atmosphere is unlikely to improve
the situation. Without a more sincere commitment to step up to the plate from
the Iraqi Government, we are unlikely to make significant progress.

"But when all is said and done, we have a commander-in-chief whom we have
authorized to go to war. Inserting ourselves, as legislators, into the chain of
command by passing a resolution, non-binding though it may be, that questions
the President's decision to conduct a mission that is clearly already underway,
strikes me as folly.

"I urge my colleagues to vote no on the resolution, and yield back the balance
of my time."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 15, 2007 Thursday 1:47 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS BUSH ADMINISTRATION FOR INSTRUCTING FEDERAL AGENCIES TO
IGNORE EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
applauded the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, Rob Portman, for
a memo he issued regarding earmarks.

In the memo, OMB Director Portman instructs federal departments and agencies to
refrain from using funds provided in the continuing resolution (CR) for earmarks
that have not been included in statutory language.

The move will prevent the vast majority of fiscal year 2006 earmarks from
continuing to receive funding under the CR. It also prevents earmarks from the
stalled fiscal year 2007 appropriations cycle from receiving funding.

"In one fell swoop, President Bush has done more to eliminate earmarks than any
of the earmark reform bills passed in Congress over the last year," said Flake.

"In the interest of transparency and accountability, President Bush needs to
make this earmark policy permanent and vow to veto any spending bill that
contains unauthorized earmarks."

Congressman Flake has introduced legislation (H.R. 631) that would require that
earmarks be included in the legislative text of bills. This would subject
earmarks to increased levels of scrutiny and accountability.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      February 9, 2007 Friday 1:18 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 to develop and construct a welcome
center in Clinton County, Kentucky.

"This earmark is about as welcome as Colonel Sanders in a chicken coop," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 8, 2007 Thursday 1:56 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, CAMPBELL HOLD EVENT ON DYNAMIC SCORING

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 147  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, and Rep. John
Campbell, who represents California's Forty-eighth District, today hosted an
event to discuss how dynamic scoring could affect this year's budget and newly
implemented PAYGO rules.

"Given that tax bills are now subject to PAYGO rules, it's imperative that we
have accurate economic forecasts," said Flake.

"We're seeing record revenues right now, largely because of the Bush tax cuts,
yet the current method of scoring consistently ignores the macroeconomic impact
of tax cuts."

Congressman Flake will soon introduce legislation that would require the
Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation to use dynamic
scoring to account for the macroeconomic effects of revenue bills.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 6, 2007 Tuesday 3:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PRESIDENT'S COMMENTS ON EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today applauded
comments made by President Bush regarding earmark reform. President Bush made
the comments at an event highlighting fiscal responsibility in Manassas,
Virginia.

In the budget proposal sent to Congress yesterday, President Bush reiterated his
request that earmarks be included in the legislative text of bills, rather than
buried in the conference reports or committee reports that accompany bills.

"Appropriators intentionally keep earmarks out of the legislative text of bills,
so they can avoid having to defend them," said Flake. "That's got to change."

"The President deserves some praise for having the guts to take on an issue like
this that will irritate the most powerful Members of Congress. I hope he'll show
them that he's serious by threatening to veto any spending bill with
unauthorized earmarks."

President Bush's earmark proposal mirrors legislation (H.R. 631) introduced by
Congressman Flake that would require that earmarks be included in the
legislative text of bills. This would subject earmarks to increased levels of
scrutiny and accountability.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      February 2, 2007 Friday 1:31 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 for the redevelopment of a storm water
overflow system in Atchison, Kansas.

"This just goes to show you that when it rains, it porks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 31, 2007 Wednesday 1:22 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR FUNDAMENTAL REFORM IN FARM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 124  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Resources Committee, today reacted to the
farm bill reauthorization proposal outlined by Agriculture Secretary Mike
Johanns.

"Federal farm policy is in need of fundamental reform," said Flake.

"Aside from being fiscally unsustainable, our farm policy is jeopardizing the
U.S.'s role in the global economy by hampering free trade agreements."

"We have an opportunity with this new farm bill to make some fundamental
reforms. I hope we don't squander it."

In order to foster free trade and encourage fiscal responsibility, Congressman
Flake favors market-based reform to federal farm policy.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 30, 2007 Tuesday 1:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DISAPPOINTED IN VAGUE EARMARK LANGUAGE IN CONTINUING RESOLUTION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today expressed
disappointment that language in the continuing resolution (CR) regarding
earmarks does not prevent last year's earmarks from being funded under the CR.

The language in the CR (section 112, page 9) states that earmarks contained in
committee and conference reports "shall have no legal effect." However, this is
simply a restatement of current law and does not prevent last year's earmarks
from being funded under the CR.

"I don't know if this language was intended to wipe out earmarks this year or if
it was just intended to give that impression," said Flake. "The language is so
vague that it's possible that last year's earmarks will live on."

"If Democrats intended to eliminate earmarks in this CR, as they have claimed,
they need to clarify this language."

Congressman Flake has introduced legislation (H.R. 631) that would require that
earmarks be included in the legislative text of bills, rather than in the
conference reports that accompany bills. This would subject earmarks to
increased levels of scrutiny and accountability.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 30, 2007 Tuesday 1:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for renovations of the Diamond Bar High
School and Community Sports Field.

"If Congress continues to fund pork projects like this, diamonds won't be the
only things that are forever," said Flake. "Deficits will be, too."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 25, 2007 Thursday 1:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES BILL PERMITTING AMERICANS TO TRAVEL TO CUBA

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 163  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, today
introduced legislation (H.R. 654) that would lift the ban on Americans traveling
to Cuba.

Congressman Flake introduced the bill with House Ways and Means Committee
Chairman Charles Rangel.

"For nearly fifty years our current Cuba policy has done little to bring
democracy to Cuba," asked Flake. "A new approach is long overdue."

"Far from hastening democratic reforms, our current policy has given Fidel
Castro a convenient scapegoat for his own regime's failures. With the Cuban
government taking new shape, we shouldn't give the new leader the same excuses
we've given the old one."

Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy, believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to ease trade and
travel restrictions currently imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 23, 2007 Tuesday 5:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PRESIDENT'S COMMENT ON IMMIGRATION, EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today applauded
President Bush for specifically addressing immigration reform and earmark reform
in the State of the Union address.

"President Bush deserves praise for being a consistent and persistent voice for
comprehensive immigration reform and an advocate for dignity and civility in the
immigration debate," said Flake. "The ball is in Congress' court; we need to
act."

Last Congress, Congressman Flake and Congressman Luis Gutierrez of Illinois
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill, the
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act. They plan to introduce a revised
proposal shortly.

Congressman Flake has also introduced legislation (H.R. 631) that would require
that earmarks be included in the legislative text of bills, rather than in the
conference reports that accompany bills. This would subject earmarks to
increased levels of scrutiny and accountability.

"Congress needs to go beyond the earmark reforms that we passed earlier this
year and enact the type of reform that the President outlined tonight. I would
encourage the President to spur reform by making it clear that he will veto
spending bills that contain unauthorized earmarks."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 18, 2007 Thursday 3:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 to Lewiston, Idaho for completion of the
Lewis and Clark Bicentennial Project.

"Any more earmarks like this and not even Sacagawea will be able to lead us out
of this fiscal wilderness," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 17, 2007 Wednesday 1:23 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, SCHIFF RESPOND TO ADMINISTRATION'S CONCESSION THAT NSA PROGRAM MUST
OPERATE UNDER FISA

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Reps. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Adam Schiff (D-CA) today reacted to the Bush
Administration's announcement regarding the Terrorist Surveillance Program
(TSP).

"I'm pleased that the Administration is finally conceding that the TSP needs to
operate under FISA, but it is still unclear whether this move fully brings it
there," said Flake. "Congress must ensure that warrants are being issued for
each individual case, rather than having a FISA judge offer a blanket approval
for the program."

"Congress has made it clear that Title 18 and FISA are the exclusive means by
which electronic surveillance of Americans should be conducted on U.S. soil,"
said Schiff. "While the Administration has indicated that the NSA's surveillance
program will now be brought under the scrutiny of the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court (FISC), this is not enough. It remains unclear whether FISC
will be reviewing the surveillance applications on an individualized basis or
has attempted to bless the program as a whole. Congress must be fully informed
on the specifics of the program and the new FISC review, and act to ensure the
privacy of law-abiding Americans."

Congressman Flake and Congressman Schiff have introduced the NSA Oversight Act
(H.R. 11), which modernizes electronic surveillance authority to prevent
terrorist attacks and clarifies that FISA maintains exclusive means to conduct
domestic surveillance.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 11, 2007 Thursday 1:20 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $550,000 to the Museum of Glass in Tacoma,
Washington.

"People who live in glass museums shouldn't be thrown earmarks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 5, 2007 Friday 5:54 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARKS OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted pork
projects contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmarks: $250,000 to the American Beach Property Owners'
Association in Fernandina Beach, Florida.

"It's just another day at the beach for Congress, while the federal government
is swimming in red ink," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 3, 2007 Wednesday 12:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PRESIDENT'S CALL FOR INCREASED EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
applauded President Bush's call for increased earmark reform.

President Bush's earmark reform proposal would require that earmarks be included
in the legislative text of bills, rather than in the conference reports that
accompany bills. This would subject earmarks to increased levels of scrutiny and
accountability.

"When earmarks are subjected to the scrutiny that they would receive in the text
of bills, the number of earmarks will decline and their cost will likely shrink
substantially," said Flake.

Congressman Flake called on President Bush to go one step further and instruct
the executive branch to ignore earmarks that are not included in the legislative
text of bills or veto bills that come with conference reports that include
earmarks.

"Unfortunately, it's unlikely that Congress will implement President Bush's
proposal without the threat of having their earmarks ignored or vetoed."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2007 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 21, 2006 Thursday 2:27 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the massive transportation bill that Congress passed
last year.

This week's egregious earmarks: $500,000 for a road extension project in North
Pole, Alaska.

"It sure doesn't look like there's a Claus in this earmark to rein in spending,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 17, 2006 Sunday 4:51 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION TO CUBA

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: HAVANA


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today released the
following statement on behalf of the congressional delegation to Cuba:

"It is time for the United States to enter a dialogue with Cuba.

"America has important interests in Cuba and strong disagreements with the Cuban
government. At a time when Cuba is changing and the opportunities to advance our
interests and values in Cuba are not known, we unanimously believe that the
United States should respond positively to the proposal made by Raul Castro in
his speech of December 2.

"No one should be under the illusion that a negotiation with Cuba would be easy,
or that results would be guaranteed. But if we refuse to engage in normal
diplomacy, we are guaranteed to produce no results at all.

"We should be consulting regularly about migration issues, to protect national
security and to save lives. We should see if more can be done to fight drug
trafficking. We should be talking right now about Cuba's offshore oil
exploration, given its potential impact on our own marine environment. We know
there are fugitives from American justice here, and there are some in U.S.
custody who are of interest to Cuba. Perhaps there is the basis of an agreement
there.

"There may be other areas of opportunity. Only by probing Cuba's proposal is it
possible to find out.

"Our visit provided the first official American contact with senior Cuban
officials since the delegation of executive powers last July 31. We appreciate
the time and courtesies that our hosts extended throughout our visit."

Delegation members:

Republicans

Jeff Flake, Arizona

Jo Ann Emerson, Missouri

Jerry Moran, Kansas

Mike Conaway, Texas

Democrats

Jane Harman, California

Lincoln Davis, Tennessee

Jim McGovern, Massachusetts

Bill Delahunt, Massachusetts

Hilda Solis, California

Gregory Meeks, New York

Meetings conducted:

Felipe Perez Roque, Minister of Foreign Relations

Yadira Garcia, Minister of Basic Industries

Francisco Soberon, President of the Central Bank

Fernando Remirez, International Relations Chief, Central Committee

Pedro Alvarez, Director, Alimport

Ricardo Alarcon, President of National Assembly

Cardinal Jaime Ortega Alamino

Diplomats from Spain, Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Switzerland, and the
Holy See

Michael Parmly, U.S. Interests Section

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 12, 2006 Tuesday 4:00 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PLAN TO SCRAP FY07 EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 123  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
applauded plans announced by incoming Chairmen Obey and Byrd of the House and
Senate Appropriations Committees to put a moratorium on earmarks until the
process can be reformed.

"You know things have gotten out of control when the self-proclaimed 'King of
Pork' is putting a moratorium on earmarks," said Flake.

"If Chairmen Obey and Byrd are serious about this, then they deserve some
praise. If they're serious, they've managed to do something that Republican
spenders have had a hard time doing lately: say 'no.' I only hope that they're
serious."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 12, 2006 Tuesday 3:58 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for fiscal year
2006.

This week's egregious earmarks: $350,000 for water utilization at Devil's Lake,
North Dakota.

"Most Members of Congress say they want earmark reform but, as this project
proves, the devil's in the details," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     December 7, 2006 Thursday 4:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARKS OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 77  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted pork
projects contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmarks: $50,000 to Homer, Pennsylvania for construction
of a new athletic facility.

"Pork projects like this make voters want to scream, 'D'oh!,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      December 1, 2006 Friday 4:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARKS OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted pork
projects contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmarks: $250,000 for the Bardavon Opera House in
Poughkeepsie, New York.

"When we're earmarking money for opera houses, it's no wonder the federal
government is baroque," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 21, 2006 Tuesday 5:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER BOEHNER URGING HIM TO REJECT
OMNIBUS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 140  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today urged
House Majority Leader John Boehner to reject calls to roll the remaining
appropriations bills into an omnibus spending bill.

Instead, Congressman Flake encouraged Majority Leader Boehner to move ahead with
a continuing resolution that would fund the federal government at current
spending levels through early next year.

"Let's face it, the main motivation to pass an omnibus is to make good on
earmark promises," said Flake.

"Unfortunately, if our last act in the majority is pushing through a huge
omnibus that's stuffed with pork, we'll only be validating the decision voters
made this year. We need to let voters know that we got the message."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 17, 2006 Friday 5:05 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 90  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $323,000 for expanded wheat pastures in Oklahoma.

"Continuing to engage in pork barrel spending like this really goes against the
grain with taxpayers," said Flake. "It just proves we can't separate the wheat
from the chaff."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 16, 2006 Thursday 12:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE RELEASES STATEMENT ON PASSING OF MILTON

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 85  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today released the
following statement regarding the death of Milton Friedman:

"It's a rare economist who can translate numbers and statistics into concepts
and ideas that change the way people live," said Flake. "Milton Friedman was
such an economist. His influence on those of us who believe in the power of free
markets cannot be measured."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   November 15, 2006 Wednesday 12:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: GAO REPORT SHOWS NEED FOR NEW CUBA POLICY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations Committee, said
that a report released today by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) is
further evidence that U.S. policy toward Cuba is doing little to hasten
democracy on the island.

The investigative report found that aid intended to promote democracy in Cuba
was routinely mismanaged with little oversight. Taxpayer funds have been used to
send Nintendo Game Boys, Sony PlayStations, cashmere sweaters, leather jackets,
and Godiva chocolates to Cuba.

"The U.S. has spent millions of dollars in democracy assistance to Cuba with
little or nothing to show for it," said Flake. "The fact that we're sending
money and aid to Cuba by subverting our own embargo is an irony that should not
be lost on anybody."

"We can most effectively hasten democracy in Cuba by allowing Americans the
freedom to travel there."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 8, 2006 Wednesday 12:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE RELEASES STATEMENT ON MIDTERM ELECTION RESULTS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 120  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, faulted the results of
the midterm elections on congressional Republicans' drift from the principles of
limited government and fiscal responsibility.

"We Republicans have lost our brand name on fiscal issues. Voters simply no
longer believe that Republicans are best suited to handle the federal purse
strings," said Flake.

"It's unfortunate that it took a defeat like this for us to realize that we
badly needed a course correction, but that's where we find ourselves this
morning. We must now begin the work of earning back the trust of the voters."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 3, 2006 Friday 12:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT REGARDING DEATH OF JEFF GROSCOST

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 50  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

"Jeff Groscost was a gifted politician. But first and foremost, he was a devoted
husband and father who understood that the most important work he would do was
within the walls of his own home."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 1, 2006 Wednesday 12:21 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to the city of Joplin, Missouri for the
renovation of center downtown district.

"Earmark's just another word for nothing left to spend," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 27, 2006 Friday 12:27 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK: $750,000 TO VERMONT
BROADBAND COUNCIL, WATERBURY, VT. FOR HIGH SPEED BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $750,000 to the Vermont Broadband Council,
Waterbury, Vermont for high speed broadband deployment.

"Congress doesn't have any trouble spending money at high speed," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 25, 2006 Wednesday 12:31 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGES SEN. SPECTER TO ELIMINATE EARMARKS IN LABOR-HHS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today encouraged Sen.
Arlen Specter to eliminate earmarks in the Senate Labor-HHS appropriations bill.

Senator Specter is the chairman of the Senate subcommittee on Labor-HHS
appropriations and is, according to press reports, considering the elimination
of earmarks in that bill.

"I certainly hope that Senator Specter decides to remove earmarks from the
Labor-HHS spending bill," said Flake. "But the fact that he's even talking about
the possibility of eliminating earmarks shows that the attitude toward
earmarking is changing."

"Some Members are beginning to see earmarks as a liability rather than an
opportunity."

"Surely, there is a long way to go before Congress has a responsible earmarking
policy, but it all starts with changing the mindset on earmarks."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 17, 2006 Tuesday 12:41 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES COMMENTS BY TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY PETERS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today praised U.S.
Secretary of Transportation Mary Peters for addressing the need to reform the
formula used by the federal government to distribute transportation funds.

In an interview with the Arizona Republic, Secretary Peters said, "Should the
federal government be the predominant source of collecting gas taxes and
distributing them to the states in the 21st century? Maybe the state and local
governments should collect the money, it stays here in Arizona, and some small
portion gets remitted to Washington to handle things that are truly in the
federal interest."

The concept mirrors legislation that Congressman Flake has introduced. The
Transportation Empowerment Act (H.R. 2284) would significantly cut the federal
gas tax and shift discretionary authority and fiscal responsibility for
transportation programs to the states.

"Secretary Peters hit the nail on the head," said Flake. "If states want to get
the most bang for their transportation buck, they'd be better off not sending so
much money to D.C in the first place."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 17, 2006 Tuesday 12:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to the city of San Bernardino,
California for renovations to the National Orange Show stadium.

"When is Congress going to have the juice to say 'no' to squeezing taxpayers?"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      October 6, 2006 Friday 12:45 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to the town of Corona, California for
the renovation of the Old City Hall.

"Maybe it takes a few cervezas before this project starts to look worthy," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 29, 2006 Friday 12:51 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK: $100,000 TO THE TOWN OF
RIPLEY, N.Y. FOR LAND ACQUISITION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to the town of Ripley, New York for land
acquisition.

"Believe it or not, Congress funds thousands and thousands of earmarks like
this," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 28, 2006 Thursday 12:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OPPOSES ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE MODERNIZATION ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 389  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today made the
following statement in opposition to the Electronic Surveillance Modernization
Act:

"Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5825.

In 1978, Congress passed a seminal piece of legislation called the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act, better known as FISA. This Act recognized that
while the President has inherent authority to conduct electric surveillance to
protect American citizens, Congress has clear authority to regulate that
surveillance.

There have been many technological changes over the past 28 years, and FISA has
been amended many times to adapt to those changes.

Now we in Congress are confronted with the knowledge that the executive branch
has chosen to conduct surveillance outside of the strictures imposed by FISA. We
must now choose whether to allow warrantless surveillance to continue, or
whether we should bring the Terrorist Surveillance Program, and any other
programs that might be in operation, under FISA's authority. If we do not, we
will essentially have two categories of surveillance programs: one on the books,
and one off the books.

Perhaps the existence of FISA has made us complacent. We have not been
confronted over the past three decades with reports of abuse by the executive
branch. But prior to FISA's passage, such abuses were legion. The Church
Committee of the mid-1970s identified instances of abuse of the executive
branch's surveillance powers that were so egregious that FISA was determined to
be necessary.

Do we want to return to the pre-FISA era? I would submit that we should not. Yet
the bill we will vote on tonight will ensure that surveillance will continue to
be gathered outside of FISA, effectively returning us to that era.

As I have said before, the acid test for Republicans voting on this issue should
be as follows: Would I more jealously guard the congressional prerogative to
regulate the President's inherent authority to conduct warrantless surveillance
if the current occupant of the White House did not share my party affiliation?

If the answer is 'yes,' then it is our obligation to vote against the underlying
bill and vote instead for the motion to recommit."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 27, 2006 Wednesday 1:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE WRITES LETTER TO MAJORITY LEADER BOEHNER URGING OFFSETS FOR ANY
AGRICULTURE DISASTER AID

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today sent a letter to
House Majority Leader John Boehner urging him to offset any supplemental
agriculture disaster aid package with cuts in other agriculture spending.

"When Congress considered the Farm Bill in 2002, we were told that these annual
supplemental agriculture disaster aid packages would stop," said Flake.
"Obviously, that hasn't been the case."

"Our agriculture subsidies are too expensive and trade-distorting as it is;
adding additional disaster relief will only exacerbate the problem."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 26, 2006 Tuesday 1:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS SENATE COMMERCE FOR CONFIRMING MARY PETERS AS SECRETARY OF
TRANSPORTATION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 98  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today applauded the
Senate Commerce Committee for confirming Mary Peters' nomination for Secretary
of Transportation.

"For those of us in Congress who'd like to see some reform of the federal
government's transportation policies, Mary's confirmation is welcome news," said
Flake. "Mary will bring reform-minded leadership to the Department of
Transportation, with a renewed focus on equity and fiscal responsibility."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 22, 2006 Friday 1:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Energy and Water appropriations bill for fiscal
year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,000,000 for Ultra Dense Memory Storage for
Supercomputing in Colorado.

"Congress must be ultra-dense if they think voters won't retain memory of their
fiscal irresponsibility," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 14, 2006 Thursday 1:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES EARMARK RULE CHANGE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today made the
following statement on the floor of the House of Representatives regarding the
earmark rule change:

"Mr. Speaker, the United States Congress is a wonderful and storied institution.
It is with great reverence and pride that each of us who are elected come to
this body. But with the practice of earmarking we have departed from the
practices and traditions of the People's House.

When working properly, the House of Representatives follows the time-honored
practice of authorization, appropriation, and oversight. Earmarking
short-circuits this process. Today we do far too little authorizing, far too
much appropriating, and far too little oversight.

When I was first elected, I had visions of participating in the great debates of
our time: How can we give the federal government the tools it needs to identify
and root out our enemies while maintaining a free society? What tax and trade
policies lend themselves to survival and prosperity in a global economy? How do
we assert our influence abroad in a manner that enhances our security?

It is not that these policy debates haven't occurred during my time in Congress.
They have and they do. But I believe it is safe to say that are diminishing.

In Congress, policies and priorities are established when money is attached to
them. When the carefully designed process of authorization, appropriation, and
oversight is adhered to, these policies and priorities are given a thorough
vetting. But when earmarks are inserted into bills at the last minute, behind
closed doors, there is no debate, deliberation, or scrutiny.

When appropriations bills reach the House floor, passage by a lopsided margin is
virtually assured because members with earmarks are obligated to vote for the
entire bill. The scope of debate is substantially narrowed when even partisan
disagreements that would otherwise occur are hushed as Republicans and Democrats
find common cause in protecting their earmarks.

I am under no illusion that this legislation, which deals only with the issue of
transparency, will solve the problem of earmarking. Too many in this body have
been convinced that they have both a right and an obligation to personally
direct funding to their district. But this bill does represent an important
first step.

Mr. Speaker, we owe this institution more than we are giving it. Let's pass this
bill and give it more of the respect it deserves."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 13, 2006 Wednesday 1:12 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: PRIMARY RESULTS SHOW ARIZONA REPUBLICANS FAVOR COMPREHENSIVE
IMMIGRATION REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today pointed to
election results from Arizona's Republican primaries as more confirmation that
Republicans favor a comprehensive approach to immigration reform.

In the race for the Arizona's Republican gubernatorial nomination, the candidate
backing enforcement-only immigration reform was soundly defeated by a candidate
favoring a more sensible approach. In the race for the Republican nomination for
Arizona's Eighth Congressional District, the enforcement-only candidate won a
plurality of votes after two candidates who support a more comprehensive
approach split the vote.

"There's a common misconception that the Republican base favors enforcement-only
immigration reform, but electoral results don't bear that out," said Flake.

"Republicans, like all Americans, are crying out for reform. They know that we
need to increase enforcement at the border and workplace, but they also know
that enforcement alone isn't sufficient. We need to pass comprehensive
immigration reform."

"Hopefully, these results in Arizona will convince our leadership in Congress
that our enforcement-only strategy could back-fire and prompt them to bring up a
comprehensive immigration reform plan."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 12, 2006 Tuesday 1:15 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $158,000 to Alfred, New York for construction of
the Sugar Hill Industrial Park.

"When is Congress going to quit playing the role of 'sugar daddy' in order to
get elected?" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 8, 2006 Friday 1:21 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to the Village of Aguadilla, Puerto Rico
for construction of a little league baseball park at Old Ramey Air Force Base.

"The sad truth is that all of these little league earmarks add up to major
league spending," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 8, 2006 Friday 1:18 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO HOUSE LEADERSHIP URGING PASSAGE OF COBURN-OBAMA BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today sent a letter to
House Speaker Dennis Hastert and Majority Leader John Boehner urging them to
schedule a vote on S. 2590, the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency
Act.

The Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act, sponsored by Senators
Coburn and Obama, would create a searchable internet database of federal
spending. The Senate passed the bill unanimously yesterday.

The House passed a similar bill in June. The House version, however, omits
federal contracts from the database.

"We have the technology to make federal spending transparent; we just need to
show taxpayers that we have the will to make it transparent," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     August 30, 2006 Wednesday 3:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 87  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $600,000 for the Kentucky Commerce Cabinet to
develop a visitor center at the Big Bone Lick State Park.

"I suppose the sponsor of this earmark will claim it's not fat; it's just
big-boned," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 25, 2006 Friday 3:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK: $200,000 FOR CARTER COUNTY
MUSEUM'S HIGHWAY TO HELL CREEK PROJECT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 for the Carter County Museum's Highway
to Hell Creek project in Ekalaka, Montana.

"Well, at least this earmark was paved with good intentions," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 22, 2006 Tuesday 3:30 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE WRITES TO REP. BOEHNER REGARDING LABOR-HHS EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, sent a letter to House
Majority Leader Boehner inquiring as to whether or not earmark reform would
apply to the 1700 earmarks in the House's remaining appropriations bill, the
bill funding the departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education
(Labor-HHS).

Majority Leader Boehner announced last month that the House would move ahead
with earmark reform when Congress reconvenes after Labor Day.

Congressman Flake has argued that the new earmark reform rules, which would
identify the sponsors of earmarks and add a level of accountability, ought to
apply to the remaining appropriations bill, in addition to upcoming conference
reports.

"There's no good reason why earmark reform shouldn't apply to the 1700 earmarks
in Labor-HHS," said Flake. "With only a few months to go until election day, the
House Leadership needs to put the interests of taxpayers ahead of the interests
of secrecy."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 18, 2006 Friday 3:42 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK: $250,000 TO HATTERAS, N.C.

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to Hatteras, North Carolina for the
construction of the Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum.

"This earmark ought to be buried at sea," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 11, 2006 Friday 4:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK: $150,000 FOR ACTORS THEATRE
IN KENTUCKY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 71  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted a
pork project contained in the Interior appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for the Actors Theatre in Kentucky.

"It'd be nice if Congress started acting more fiscally responsible," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 1, 2006 Tuesday 4:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: U.S. IN POOR POSITION TO AID TRANSITION TO DEMOCRACY IN CUBA

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations Committee, today
issued the following statement on reports that Fidel Castro has temporarily
ceded power to his brother Raul.

"Whether Castro is sick or dead or just testing the reaction in Cuba, the United
States is in no position to help," said Flake. "We are more distant now then we
ever have been from the Cubans who could pursue the kind of change that we would
like to see."

"There is a wide-spread misconception that, as soon as Castro is gone, the U.S.
will be able to aid and assist a transition. But with Castro's brother in place
and several unreasonable conditions in U.S. law to be met, the U.S. will be on
the sidelines while the rest of the democratic world engages in reform efforts."

"The best thing we can do right now, regardless of Castro's condition, is to let
Americans travel to Cuba and begin laying the ground work for a positive
transition."

Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy, believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to weaken Castro's
stranglehold over the country by easing trade and travel restrictions currently
imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 28, 2006 Friday 4:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES INTELLIGENCE OVERSIGHT ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today introduced the
Intelligence Oversight Act, which improves the method by which the House
Intelligence Committee shares classified information with other House
committees. The bill already has bipartisan support.

The Intelligence Oversight Act fulfills National Security Act requirements that
the House Intelligence Committee share information with other committees that
have relevant jurisdiction. To ensure that vital and timely intelligence is not
jeopardized, the Intelligence Committee would not be required to share sources,
methods, or covert action information with other committees.

"In order to exercise proper oversight, House committees need all pertinent
information and, unfortunately, that process isn't functioning as it was
intended to," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 27, 2006 Thursday 4:15 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TESTIFIES BEFORE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 124  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today testified
before the House Intelligence Committee regarding the NSA Oversight Act, which
he has introduced with Congressman Adam Schiff of California.

The NSA Oversight Act would reiterate the exclusivity of the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) and current wiretap laws with regard to
domestic surveillance.

"The executive branch cannot ignore FISA," said Flake.

"I believe that many in Congress, myself included, would support giving the
Administration greater domestic surveillance flexibility, but they don't have
the authority to disregard FISA."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 26, 2006 Wednesday 4:23 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES HOUSE LEADERSHIP FOR MOVING FORWARD WITH EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 158  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today applauded the
House Leadership for announcing their intention to bring earmark reform to the
floor after the August recess.

"I applaud the House Leadership for moving forward with earmark reform," said
Flake.

"It's important that the House's reforms apply not only to earmarks added in
conference committees, but also to the earmarks contained in the appropriations
bills and committee reports that the House has already approved this year."

Congressman Flake has challenged dozens of earmarks on the House floor over the
past few months. In some cases, the sponsor of the earmark did not show up to
defend the earmark.

"After floor debate and a roll call vote, we still have little or no information
on some of these earmarks," said Flake, "including who sponsored them."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 26, 2006 Wednesday 4:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 72  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $300,000 for bovine genetics in Beltsville,
Maryland.

"Don't we have enough sacred cows in Congress?" asked Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 20, 2006 Thursday 5:09 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmarks: $300,000 for beaver management in North Carolina
and $539,000 for beaver management in Mississippi.

"'Leave it to beaver' management earmarks to show how excessive earmarking has
gotten in Congress," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 20, 2006 Thursday 4:35 AM  EST

MEMBERS OF CONGRESS PUSH FOR SUGAR REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 132  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, and
Democratic Congressman Danny Davis, who represents Illinois' Seventh District,
today sent a letter to the House Agriculture Committee urging the Committee to
incorporate reform of the sugar price support program in the next farm bill.

The bipartisan letter, signed by over 100 Members of Congress, advocates
significant, market-oriented reforms of the sugar price support program.

"Our current sugar program is inconsistent with the principles of free trade,"
said Flake.

"The current sugar program is driving food processors, candy makers, bakeries
and other users of sugar out of my community," said Davis.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 19, 2006 Wednesday 4:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT ON VOTE TO UPHOLD PRESIDENT'S VETO ON FEDERAL FUNDS
FOR STEM CELL RESEARCH

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 154  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
issued the following statement regarding his vote upholding the President's veto
of a bill allowing federal funds to be used for stem cell research.

"My vote is not an indication of personal moral qualms about the research funded
by this legislation, but rather the fact that federal funds are being directed
to conduct such research," said Flake. "I would not vote to support a ban on
privately funded research under similar parameters."

"Until we come to a greater consensus on the ethical bounds of embryonic stem
cell research, we need to be mindful of those who are morally opposed to having
their tax dollars used to fund such research. I believe the President has sought
to strike such a balance, and I commend him for doing so."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 12, 2006 Wednesday 4:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENT TO PRIVATE PROPERTY IMPLEMENTATION ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today successfully
offered an amendment to the Private Property Implementation Act during the House
Judiciary Committee's consideration of the bill.

The Private Property Implementation Act allows developers to challenge local and
state governments in federal court when they set unreasonable conditions on a
proposed development. Congressman Flake's amendment extends that provision to
federal agencies.

The Judiciary Committee adopted Congressman Flake's amendment.

"The federal government ought to be held to the same standard to which we hold
local and state governments under this bill," said Flake. "There's no good
reason why developers can challenge restrictions by local or state governments
but are left with no recourse with the federal government."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 12, 2006 Wednesday 4:42 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 87  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 to address the obesity epidemic and
promote a healthier lifestyle in Davis, California.

"I don't think this is what taxpayers meant when they asked us to cut fat from
the budget," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 10, 2006 Monday 4:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: MORE OF THE SAME WON'T HASTEN DEMOCRATIC REFORMS IN CUBA

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today responded to the release of the second report of the Commission
for Assistance to a Free Cuba.

"It's certainly prudent for the U.S. to begin to think about how we will
interact with a post-Castro Cuba," said Flake. "However, it would be imprudent
to keep in place policies that have made Castro the longest-reigning dictator in
the world."

"Simply put, more of the same won't hasten democratic reforms in Cuba."

"The interests of democracy, both in Cuba and here in the U.S., would be better
served by a more honest examination of our current Cuba policy."

Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy, believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to weaken Castro's
stranglehold over the country by easing trade and travel restrictions currently
imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 30, 2006 Friday 5:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 72  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted
a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for fiscal year
2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $850,000 for the Alabama Beef Connection.

"I can see why taxpayers might have a beef with this pork in Congress," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 30, 2006 Friday 5:00 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO CHALLENGE EVERY EARMARK THAT DOES NOT IDENTIFY SPONSOR

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 135  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
announced that he would begin to challenge every earmark that does not include
its sponsor's name.

Congressman Flake will prepare an amendment to block funding for any earmark
included in an appropriations bill or committee report that does not identify
its sponsor.

"The House passed a lobbying reform bill in May that required that the sponsors
of earmarks be identified," said Flake. "There's no good reason why that policy
hasn't been implemented."

"Unfortunately, it may take the prospect of thousands of amendments to prompt
the House Appropriations Committee to revisit their decision to keep sponsors'
names secret."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 28, 2006 Wednesday 5:35 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TRIES AGAIN TO STRIKE EARMARKS FROM APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
offered a series of amendments to the Science-State-Justice-Commerce
Appropriations bill that would block funding to various earmarks.

"When I began to offer these amendments, I knew that I would be unlikely to be
successful because log-rolling would prevail," said Flake. "However, I have to
say that I am surprised that Members, again and again, continue to put
themselves on record supporting these types of projects, particularly when
pork-barreling is one of the primary reasons voters hold Congress in such low
regard."

Congressman Flake offered amendments to block funding for the following
earmarks. All of the amendments failed.

* $200,000 for the Oil Region Alliance of Business, Industry and Tourism in Oil
City, Pennsylvania

* $1,000,000 for the Southern and Eastern Kentucky Tourism Development
Association

* $750,000 for the Fairplex Trade and Conference Center in Pomona, California

* $250,000 for the Tooling and Machining Association for a workforce development
program in Rochester, NY,

* $300,000 for the Bronx Council for marketing of local business arts
initiatives in New York, New York

* $150,000 for the Arthur Avenue Retail Market for local business requirements
and improvements in New York, New York

* $500,000 for the JARI Workforce Development Program and Small Business
Technology Center and $800,000 for JARI for a regional business incubator in
Johnstown, Pennsylvania

* $400,000 for the Wisconsin Procurement Initiative

* $900,000 for Fairmont State University for a small business initiative in
Fairmont, West Virginia

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 28, 2006 Wednesday 5:29 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER AMENDMENT PERMITTING U.S. FIRMS TO EXPLORE ENERGY RESOURCES
IN CUBAN WATERS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today announced that he would offer an amendment to the Deep Ocean
Energy Resources Act that permits U.S. firms to develop energy resources in
Cuban-controlled waters.

Current law prevents U.S. firms from bidding on energy exploration licenses in
the Cuban-controlled waters (which extend to within 50 miles of the Florida
Keys), yet China, a country with conflicting interests and weaker environmental
standards, has active energy interests in the region.

The House Rules Committee is scheduled to meet today to determine whether or not
the amendment will be ruled in order, which allows Congressman Flake to offer it
during floor debate tomorrow.

"There's only one reason why this archaic policy is still in place: politics,"
said Flake. "Our current policy doesn't serve our energy needs, environmental
concerns, or economic principles."

"We would be well-served to extract the politics from this issue and start
implementing sound policy."

Congressman Flake, a critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy, believes that the
most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to weaken Castro's
stranglehold over the country by easing trade and travel restrictions currently
imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 26, 2006 Monday 3:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER AMENDMENTS BLOCKING EARMARKS IN
SCIENCE-STATE-JUSTICE-COMMERCE APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today announced that
he has drafted amendments to the Science-State-Justice-Commerce (SSJC)
Appropriations bill that block the following earmarks:

* $500,000 for the JARI Workforce Development Program and Small Business
Technology Center

* $200,000 for the Oil Region Alliance of Business, Industry and Tourism

* $1,000,000 Southern and Eastern Kentucky Tourism Development Association

* $750,000 for Fairplex Trade and Conference Center

* $250,000 for Rochester, NY, Tooling and Machining Association for a workforce
development program

* $300,000 for the Bronx Council for marketing of local business arts
initiatives

* $150,000 for the Arthur Avenue Retail Market for local business requirements
and improvements

* $400,000 for Wisconsin Procurement Initiative

* $800,000 for JARI for a regional business incubator

* $900,000 for Fairmont State University for a small business initiative

The House of Representatives is scheduled to begin consideration of the SSJC
Appropriations bill tomorrow.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 23, 2006 Friday 3:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REACTS TO REPORTED PROPOSAL TO USE FORCED LABOR TO BUILD WALL AT
BORDER

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
reacted to a report from the EFE News Agency that Arizona Republican
gubernatorial candidate Don Goldwater has proposed using forced labor from
illegal immigrants to build a wall at the Arizona-Mexico border.

"In President Bush's speech to the nation last month, he urged Americans to
remember that all human beings have dignity and value, regardless of their
citizenship. This forced labor proposal certainly does not comport with that
notion," said Flake.

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 23, 2006 Friday 3:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted
a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for fiscal year
2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $160,000 for poultry litter composting in West
Virginia.

"Maybe this is what Representative Jim Moran had in mind when he said that, if
he becomes Appropriations Chairman, he'll earmark the @#$&% out of it," said
Flake.

The Sun Gazette in Arlington, Virginia reported earlier this month that
Congressman Moran told a crowd of supporters what they can expect if Democrats
become the majority party in the U.S. House of Representatives next year.
Congressman Moran said, "When I become chairman [of a House appropriations
subcommittee], I'm going to earmark the (expletive) out of it."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 22, 2006 Thursday 1:29 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES IN FAVOR OF LINE-ITEM VETO

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 150  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today voted in favor
of legislation to give the President line-item veto authority.

"Given the huge majorities that have defeated my recent amendments to block
earmarks in this year's appropriations bills, I must admit that I'm skeptical
that Congress will go along with any Presidential effort to exercise this
authority," said Flake. "It's like saying to the President, 'Stop us before we
spend again.'"

"The vast majority of congressional earmarks are included in conference and
committee reports rather than the bill text, so the President already has the
power to block the funding for most earmarks. He has chosen not to. But,
hopefully, once he's given a line-item veto, he'll be expected to use it. Hope
springs eternal."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 20, 2006 Tuesday 1:37 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: AMERICANS DON'T WANT MORE IMMIGRATION REFORM HEARINGS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 180  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration and
Border Security Subcommittee, today expressed disappointment at the House
Leadership's decision to schedule more immigration reform hearings in the House
of Representatives before appointing members of the conference committee.

"Americans don't want more hearings on immigration reform; they want a bill,"
said Flake.

"The longer we wait to appoint members to the conference committee, the more
difficult it becomes to produce a bill. That may be the aim of some in the
House, but that's certainly not the sentiment of most Americans."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 20, 2006 Tuesday 1:33 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENTS TO DEFENSE SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 261  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today offered several
amendments to the Defense Appropriations bill that would block funding for
various earmarks contained in the bill.

"Among the many arguments against earmarks is that they drain funding from other
priorities," said Flake. "This argument certainly carries a little more weight
with the Defense Appropriations bill."

"Simply put, every dollar we spend on earmarks in the Defense Appropriations
bill is a dollar we can't spend on the military."

"I knew going in that I'd get beat like a rented mule on these amendments, but
this is still an important debate to have."

Congressman Flake offered amendments to block funding for the following
earmarks. All of the amendments failed.

* $6,300,000 for the Wind Demonstration Project

* $1,000,000 for the Institute for Exploration at Mystic Aquarium in New London,
Connecticut

* $1,000,000 for the Jason Foundation in Ashburn, Virginia

* $4,000,000 for the Center for Rotorcraft Innovation in Media, Pennsylvania

* $2,500,000 for the Illinois Technology Transition Center

* $2,500,000 for the Northwest Manufacturing Initiative

* $4,000,000 for the Lewis Center for Education Research in Apple Valley,
California

* $1,000,000 for the Advanced Law Enforcement Rapid Response Training Program at
Texas State University, San Marcos, Texas

* $20,000,000 for the Leonard Wood Research Institute in Fort Leonard Wood,
Missouri

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 19, 2006 Monday 1:41 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER AMENDMENTS BLOCKING EARMARKS IN DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today announced that
he has drafted amendments to the Defense Appropriations bill that block the
following earmarks:

* $1,000,000 for the Institute for Exploration at Mystic Aquarium in New London,
Connecticut

* $1,000,000 for the Jason Foundation in Ashburn, Virginia

* $6,300,000 for the Wind Demonstration Project

* $4,000,000 for the Center for Rotorcraft Innovation in Media, Pennsylvania

* $20,000,000 for the Leonard Wood Research Institute in Fort Leonard Wood,
Missouri

* $2,500,000 for the Illinois Technology Transition Center

* $2,500,000 for the Northwest Manufacturing Initiative

* $4,000,000 for the Lewis Center for Education Research in Apple Valley,
California

* $1,000,000 for the Advanced Law Enforcement Rapid Response Training Program at
Texas State University, San Marcos, Texas

* $1,000,000 for the Northeast Regional Training Center for Homeland Defense at
the Massachusetts Military Reservation, Otis ANGB, Massachusetts

The House of Representatives is scheduled to consider the Defense Appropriations
bill tomorrow.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 14, 2006 Wednesday 1:50 AM  EST

CONGRESS VOTES OVERWHELMINGLY TO FUND CALIFORNIA SWIMMING POOL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 125  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today expressed
disappointment that Congress voted overwhelmingly to retain a $500,000 earmark
for renovations for a swimming pool in Banning, California.

The City of Banning, California has received an additional $500,000 in earmarks
over the last two years for the swimming pool - $250,000 for construction in
fiscal year 2005 and $250,000 for improvements in fiscal year 2006.

"The citizens of Banning, California may be getting a swimming pool, but
taxpayers are taking a bath," said Flake.

Congressman Flake's amendment to block funding for the earmark was defeated 61
to 365.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 14, 2006 Wednesday 1:47 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 74  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted
a pork project contained in the Energy and Water appropriations bill for fiscal
year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 for the Burpee Museum of Natural History
in Illinois.

"This pork project is enough to give anyone indigestion," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 14, 2006 Wednesday 1:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENTS TO TRANSPORTATION-TREASURY-HUD SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 284  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today offered several
amendments to the Transportation-Treasury-HUD (TTHUD) appropriations bill that
would block funding for various earmarks contained in the bill. Each amendment
failed.

"Despite the fact that the House included modest earmark reform language in the
lobbying reform bill, the House Appropriations Committee has continued to resist
reform," said Flake. "Unfortunately, the only way to bring some transparency and
accountability to this process is to offer amendments like these."

Congressman Flake has offered similar amendments to other appropriations bills
this year in order to spur a debate on earmark reform. He offered amendments to
block funding for the following earmarks in the TTHUD appropriations bill:

* $1,500,000 to the University of Mississippi in Oxford, MS for the construction
of the William Faulkner Museum.

* $50,000 to the Fairfax County, Virginia Park Authority for field improvements
in Annandale, VA.

* $500,000 to the City of Banning, CA for renovations to the city-owned pool.

* $1,000,000 for Xerox Area Road Improvements in Monroe County, NY.

* $140,000,000 for the Bakersfield Beltway System, CA.

* $100,000 to the City of Weirton, WV for planning, design, construction,
renovation, and build out of facilities.

* $500,000 to the City of Yucaipa, CA for the design and construction of a
multipurpose athletic facility at Crafton Hills College.

* $250,000 to the Strand Theater Arts Center in Plattsburgh, NY for the
conversion of the Strand Theater into a performing arts center.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 13, 2006 Tuesday 1:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES SPEAKER HASTERT TO APPOINT IMMIGRATION REFORM CONFEREES

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration and
Border Security Subcommittee, today urged Speaker Hastert to set aside possible
plans to hold House hearings on the Senate immigration reform bill before
appointing House members of the conference committee.

"Hearings might be beneficial if there was a lack of attention or knowledge on
this issue in the House, but that's certainly not the case," said Flake.

"The longer we wait, the harder it becomes for the House and Senate to reach an
agreement, and I think most voters would agree that we've waited long enough to
act on this issue."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 13, 2006 Tuesday 1:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE RESPONDS TO REP. MORAN'S REMARK ON EARMARKS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 145  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today responded to a
comment made by Rep. Jim Moran of Virginia.

The Sun Gazette in Arlington, Virginia reported that Congressman Moran spoke to
a crowd of supporters this weekend about what they can expect if Democrats
become the majority party in the U.S. House of Representatives next year.
Congressman Moran said, "When I become chairman [of a House appropriations
subcommittee], I'm going to earmark the (expletive) out of it."

"I've got news for Congressman Moran: there's not much @#$%&*$ that hasn't
already been earmarked," said Flake.

Congressman Flake has been outspoken (although perhaps not as blunt as
Congressman Moran) about the need for Congress to enact meaningful earmark
reform.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 8, 2006 Thursday 1:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 68  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted
a pork project contained in the Interior appropriations bill for fiscal year
2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $140,000 for the Woodward Opera House in Ohio.

"Pork projects like this defy Carmen-sense," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 7, 2006 Wednesday 2:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES BUSH FOR REITERATING CALL FOR COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION
REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration and
Border Security Subcommittee, today praised President Bush for reiterating his
call for a comprehensive approach to immigration reform.

"Every day the House and Senate wait to appoint members of the conference
committee is a day closer to election day, and the closer it gets to election
day, the more politically charged this issue will get," said Flake. "Reaching an
agreement isn't going to be easy, but it's only going to get harder the longer
we wait."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 2, 2006 Friday 2:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SIMPLE THREAT-BASED FORMULA NEEDED FOR HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today called for a
simple threat-based formula for the distribution of homeland security funding.

"Terrorists don't target the states and districts of senior appropriators any
more than they target the states and districts of rank-and-file Members of
Congress," said Flake.

"When it comes to homeland security funding, the seniority or position of
Members of Congress shouldn't enter the equation. We need to extract politics
from this process and implement a simple threat-based formula."

"While having DHS decide where the greatest threats are may not be perfect, it's
a lot better than having Members of Congress divide up the loot."

Congressman Flake has been a vocal proponent of targeting homeland security
funds based on threat assessments rather than distributing funds broadly.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        June 2, 2006 Friday 2:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted
a pork project contained in the Interior appropriations bill for fiscal year
2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $400,000 for Mark Twain's boyhood home in
Hannibal, Missouri.

"It looks like reports of congressional earmark reform have been greatly
exaggerated," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 26, 2006 Friday 1:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 93  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today highlighted
a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD appropriations bill
for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $125,000 to the city of Treasure Island, Florida
for construction of beach walkovers.

"With Congress raiding the U.S Treasury for booty like this, we shouldn't be
surprised if voters make us walk the plank in November," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 25, 2006 Thursday 1:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES SENATE FOR PASSING COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration and
Border Security Subcommittee, today praised the U.S. Senate for passing a
comprehensive immigration reform bill that includes a temporary worker program.

"It would have been a lot easier to kick the can down the road by taking an
enforcement-only approach, so the Senate deserves credit for passing a
comprehensive immigration reform bill," said Flake.

"The ball is back in the House's court, and I urge Speaker Hastert to not waste
any time in appointing members to the conference committee so we can begin the
difficult task of reaching a consensus."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 24, 2006 Wednesday 3:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER AMENDMENTS TO ELIMINATE EARMARKS IN ENERGY AND WATER
APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today will offer
several amendments to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill to effectively
eliminate various earmarks in the bill.

Congressman Flake offered eight similar amendments to block earmarks in the
Agriculture Appropriations bill yesterday, but, unfortunately, none of the
amendments passed.

"These projects may be nickel and dime items considering how much Congress
spends every year, but the real value of these amendments is having Members of
Congress come down to the House floor and talk about their earmarks," said
Flake. "Sometimes that's the only way for us to learn what we're spending this
money on."

Congressman Flake has prepared six amendments to the Energy and Water
Appropriations bill that would block funding for the following earmarks:

* $600,000 for Center for End-of-Life Electronics in West Virginia

* $1,850,000 for Southwest Gas Corporation GEDAC Heat Pump Development in Nevada

* $250,000 for the Virginia Science Museum in Virginia

* $750,000 for the Missouri Forest Foundation in Missouri

* $1,000,000 for the Juniata Ultra Low Emission Locomotive Demonstration in
Pennsylvania

* $400,000 for Research and Environmental Center at Mystic Aquarium in
Connecticut

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 23, 2006 Tuesday 5:15 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ATTEMPTS TO SHED LIGHT ON EARMARK PROCESS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today will
deliver the following statement on the House floor regarding his amendments to
effectively eliminate earmarks in the Agriculture Appropriations bill:

"Mr. Speaker, today we will engage in a debate that has been a long time in
coming. I plan to offer several amendments to this bill to block funding for a
series of Member earmarks that are contained in the committee report that
accompanies this bill.

"Let me point out that the House has already voted, in the lobby reform bill a
few weeks ago, to require that Members attach their names to their earmarks. Yet
this committee report has come to the floor with more than 400 earmarks, and no
names.

"Let me state from the outset that I am under no illusion that I can succeed in
blocking funding for any of these earmarks we will discuss. I am well acquainted
with the process of logrolling, where one Member agrees to support another
Member's earmark if that Member will agree to do the same. I suspect that
logrolling will prevail here today.

"But it is about time that we provide a little window into the process. Is it
the federal government's responsibility to recruit dairy families from other
regions to move to Northeast Iowa, as one of the earmarks we will discuss today
purports to do? Is the need so great this year to fund the National Grape and
Wine Initiative that we should add $100,000 to the debt owed by future
generations? Since our responsibility as Members of Congress is to prioritize
limited resources, do we really want to tell taxpayers that we believe that
spending $180,000 on Hydroponic Tomato Production is more pressing than other
issues?

"I expect that a few of the amendments I will offer today will be successfully
blocked with a point of order. The reason: We have no documentation that the
federal agency that will fund the project knows anything about the project that
is being funded. To successfully challenge the earmark requires an assumption
that the agency is familiar with the project, otherwise we are legislating on an
appropriation bill - a violation of our rules. The incentive, therefore, for
Members looking to protect their earmarks is to be either vague or silent about
the project's goals and its oversight.

"Let's think about that for a minute. How are we supposed to exercise oversight
of these earmarked projects? Who is to be held accountable? Not the government
agency. By upholding the point of order we are stipulating that the agency might
as well not even know the project exists.

"In the end, since rank-and-file Members can't even challenge these earmarks
without being subject to a point of order, and the agencies don't know anything
about them, and since we don't even know who requested the earmark in the first
place, the only individuals who have any oversight function are selected Members
and staff of the Appropriations Committee.

"Mr. Speaker, it does not speak well for us as legislators when the first and
last documentation of these earmarks is found in Members' press releases. I'd
like to think we can do better than that. I think that all of us who were
elected to this august body had higher aspirations than to grovel for the crumbs
that fall from appropriator's tables.

"We need to return to the process of authorization, appropriation and oversight.
That is what this branch of government is supposed to do. We diminish ourselves
and our office when we stray from this course."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 23, 2006 Tuesday 5:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES REP. PENCE FOR ADDING ANOTHER CONSERVATIVE VOICE FOR
TEMPORARY WORKER PROGRAM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today praised Rep. Mike Pence of
Indiana for proposing a temporary worker program.

"Conservative principles and a temporary worker program are not mutually
exclusive," said Flake. "In fact, I believe that supporting a comprehensive
temporary worker program is the conservative position."

"Hopefully, having Congressman Pence, who's one of the leading conservatives in
Congress, articulate the conservative case for a temporary worker program will
add a new dynamic to the immigration reform debate and bring us closer to
consensus."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 22, 2006 Monday 5:17 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO TARGET EARMARKS IN AGRICULTURE APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 105  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
announced that he will offer several amendments targeting earmarks in the
Agriculture Appropriations bill during the House of Representatives'
consideration of the bill this week.

Congressman Flake has prepared several amendments that would block funding for
various earmarks attached to the bill.

"Simply put, earmarking is out of control," said Flake.

"If we don't start to clean up the earmark process, voters may do it for us in
November."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 18, 2006 Thursday 5:20 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES PRESIDENT FOR COMMITMENT TO COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: YUMA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District and is a
member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration and Border Security
Subcommittee, today toured the Arizona-Mexican border with President Bush and
praised his commitment to comprehensive immigration reform.

"President Bush deserves credit for taking a principled position on immigration
reform, especially in the face of opposition from some in our party," said
Flake.

"There is a conservative case to be made for a temporary worker program, and I
can't tell you how grateful those of us that take that position are to have
President Bush articulate that case with optimism and eloquence."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 17, 2006 Wednesday 5:22 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $179,000 for hydroponic tomato production in
Ohio.

"Congress needs to ketchup with public opinion and start getting serious about
eliminating pork projects like this," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 16, 2006 Tuesday 5:24 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO TOUR BORDER WITH PRESIDENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District and is a
member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration and Border Security
Subcommittee, announced today that he will join President Bush during his tour
of the Arizona-Mexico border on Thursday.

"As a former governor of a border state, President Bush is no stranger to the
mess at our border," said Flake. "However, it's always an honor to have the
President of the United States come to our state and examine the situation
firsthand."

"There's a temptation for politicians to demagogue on immigration reform and,
unfortunately, that has soured this debate almost to the point of deadlock. I
hope that President Bush's speech last night, which was rational and serious,
will reverse the tone of this debate in Congress and help us pass a
comprehensive bill."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 15, 2006 Monday 5:26 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES PRESIDENT FOR ADVOCATING TEMPORARY WORKER PROGRAM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today praised President Bush for
calling on Congress to pass an immigration reform bill that includes a temporary
worker program.

"President Bush deserves credit for his willingness to take on a difficult issue
like immigration reform," said Flake.

"President Bush is absolutely right that immigration reform must be
three-pronged: increased enforcement, a temporary worker program, and a humane,
realistic approach for dealing with the illegal immigrant population currently
in the U.S."

"Obviously, simply addressing the enforcement side of the issue might be more
politically expedient, but you have to salute President Bush for recognizing
that we can't solve the problem without a temporary worker program and insisting
that Congress include one as we debate an immigration reform bill."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 12, 2006 Friday 5:30 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES PRESIDENT TO MAKE CASE FOR TEMPORARY WORKER PLAN

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today encouraged President Bush to
use his primetime speech on Monday evening to make the case for a temporary
worker program.

"Unfortunately, debate on immigration reform rarely rises above rhetoric and
sound bites," said Flake. "However, when we take the time to articulate a
thoughtful case for a temporary worker program, Americans respond to it. I've
seen it in Arizona."

"President Bush has been a forceful advocate a temporary worker program, and I
hope that he uses his speech on Monday to continue to make the case for
comprehensive immigration reform."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 12, 2006 Friday 5:28 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 74  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $196,000 for geese control in New York.

"Because of pork like this, our goose might be cooked come November," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 11, 2006 Thursday 5:32 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE, SEN. CRAIG INTRODUCE LEGISLATION TO EXPAND ENERGY OPTIONS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee and House Resources Committee, today introduced a bill (H.R. 5353)
that will allow American companies to develop energy resources in
Cuban-controlled waters. Sen. Larry Craig of Idaho, second in seniority on the
Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, is introducing the bill in the
Senate.

U.S. law prevents American companies from drilling within 150 miles of most of
the U.S. shore, but China is drilling in Cuban waters 50 miles from U.S. shores.
U.S. law also prevents American companies from competing in the region with
China, a country with conflicting interests and weaker environmental standards.

"Congress has kicked around a lot of silly ideas about how best to ease our
energy crunch," said Flake. "There needs to be a compelling reason why American
firms are barred from exploring energy resources so close to home, and I'm not
sure that a 45-year-old failed embargo qualifies as a compelling reason."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 5, 2006 Friday 3:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $229,000 for dairy education in Iowa.

"This may sound cheesy but somebody needs to tell Congress, 'that's nacho
money,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 4, 2006 Thursday 5:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE BLASTS SENATE SUPPLEMENTAL BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 110  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
blasted the Senate version of the emergency supplemental spending bill for
Katrina relief and the war in Iraq.

"Despite a valiant attempt by conservatives to trim the fat, the Senate has
passed a bloated bill," said Flake.

"Given that the House Leadership has signaled their unwillingness to compromise
with the Senate on this and President Bush has signaled his willingness to veto
the Senate bill, the Senate has acted with complete disregard for fiscal
responsibility."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 4, 2006 Thursday 5:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENT TO PORT SECURITY BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
offered an amendment to the Port Security bill. Unfortunately, the amendment was
defeated.

The amendment would have eliminated a redundant $400 million homeland security
grant program for port security. In a Statement of Administrative Policy
released today, the Bush Administration affirms that "the authorization in the
bill for a dedicated port security grant program is unnecessary."

"National security is the primary function of the federal government, so it's
imperative that homeland security funding be as effective as possible," said
Flake. "Unfortunately, that's not currently the case."

"Many Members of Congress feel it's their job to direct as much federal money to
their districts as possible, but that does not serve the national interest,
particularly with regard to homeland security funding."

"Americans deserve the most effective homeland security that the federal
government can provide and that can only be achieved if we use a threat-based
formula to distribute homeland security funding, rather than a system based
largely on formula."

Congressman Flake is a proponent of targeting homeland security funds based on
threat assessments rather than distributing funds broadly.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 3, 2006 Wednesday 5:42 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES EARMARK REFORM PROVISION IN LOBBYING REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 171  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised the earmark reform provision contained in the lobbying reform bill.

The earmark reform provision allows House Members to raise a point of order on
conference reports that contain earmarks that are not included in the House or
Senate versions of an appropriations bill. Congressman Flake introduced
comparable legislation last year that would allow Members to raise a point of
order if earmarks are not included in the legislative text.

"Earmark reform is really at the heart of lobbying reform," said Flake.

"This bill is a significant first step toward curbing the abuse of earmarks, so
I commend the House Leadership for resisting pressure to exclude meaningful
earmark reform."

Congressman Flake successfully offered an amendment to the lobbying reform bill
which clarifies that criminal bribery statue with regard to earmarks.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 3, 2006 Wednesday 5:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 77  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $75,000 for catfish genome research in Auburn,
Alabama.

"Angling for pork projects like this turns us all into bottom feeders," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 1, 2006 Monday 5:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: MEDICARE TRUSTEE REPORT SHOWS NEED TO SCALE BACK NEW DRUG
ENTITLEMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 158  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today said
that the Medicare trustee's report, which projects the Medicare trust fund will
be depleted in 2018, provides more evidence that the new entitlement must be
scaled back.

"Seniors have been told how much money they will save by signing up for this new
entitlement, but that 'savings' is simply debt that we are passing along to
future generations," said Flake.

"In its current form, this new drug entitlement is simply unsustainable.
Congress needs to scale back the cost of the program now."

Congressman Flake was one of 25 Republican House Members to oppose the creation
of the new Medicare drug entitlement, arguing that the federal government could
not afford it. He has also introduced several bills and amendments aimed at
curbing the program's cost.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        May 1, 2006 Monday 5:53 AM  EST

REP.FLAKE ENCOURAGES REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES TO AVOID KNEE-JERK POPULISM ON GAS
PRICES

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
encouraged his Republican colleagues in Congress to avoid pandering to voters
with quick-fix gimmicks to lower the price of gasoline.

"Political anxiety in an election year is to blame for a lot of the bad bills
Congress passes," said Flake. "I hope that we don't add gimmicky legislation
regarding gas prices to that pile."

"Voters will surely see through knee-jerk populist ideas like gas rebates, and
they'll understand that a gas tax holiday that doesn't return transportation
authority back to the states or include a commensurate cut in federal
transportation projects will simply add to the deficit."

Congressman Flake has authored the Transportation Empowerment Act (H.R. 5205),
which greatly reduces the federal gas tax by returning discretionary authority
and fiscal responsibility for transportation programs to the states.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 27, 2006 Thursday 6:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES HOUSE LEADERSHIP FOR STANDING UP TO APPROPRIATORS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised House Majority Leader John Boehner for standing up to the House
Appropriations Committee by forcing a vote on the rule for the lobbying reform
bill. The rule passed and the lobbying reform bill will be on the House floor
next week.

The House Appropriations Committee objected to an earmark reform provision in
the bill.

"It's not often that I put out a press release praising the House Leadership,
but Leader Boehner really stood his ground in support of meaningful earmark
reform," said Flake.

The lobbying reform bill includes a provision that would allow House Members to
raise a point of order on conference reports that contain earmarks that were not
included in the House or Senate versions of an appropriations bill. Congressman
Flake introduced comparable legislation last year that would allow Members to
raise a point of order if earmarks are not included in the legislative text.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 27, 2006 Thursday 5:59 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: REPUBLICANS SHOULD NOT BOAST ABOUT NEW MEDICARE DRUG ENTITLEMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 142  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
expressed disappointment that the House Republican Leadership continues to
encourage Republican Members to boast about the new Medicare prescription drug
entitlement.

"Because of the new Medicare drug entitlement, 30 million people are more
dependent on the federal government than they were a year ago, and future
generations will have to foot the bill," said Flake. "That is something that no
party professing to believe in limited government should be proud of."

Congressman Flake was one of 25 Republican House Members to oppose the creation
of the new Medicare drug entitlement and he has introduced several pieces of
legislation aimed at curbing the cost of it.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 26, 2006 Wednesday 6:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 99  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to the city of Rome, New York for the
construction of a community recreation center.

"The explosion of pork projects like this is due largely to Members of Congress
saying, 'when in Rome?' when it comes to making appropriations requests," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 25, 2006 Tuesday 6:09 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES PRESIDENT FOR MEETING WITH SENATORS ON IMMIGRATION REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today praised President Bush for
meeting with members of the U.S. Senate and keeping pressure on them to reach an
agreement on immigration reform that includes a temporary worker program.

"Unfortunately, immigration reform is more often debated in sound bites than
serious dialogue," said Flake. "So when the President uses his bully pulpit to
inject some rationality into the debate and make a convincing case for a
temporary worker program, it's immensely helpful to those of us working for
comprehensive reform."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 25, 2006 Tuesday 6:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON PRESIDENT TO VETO WAR, KATRINA SUPPLEMENTAL SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
called on President Bush to veto the supplemental spending bill for Katrina
recovery and the war in Iraq if the Senate includes several extraneous earmarks.

The Senate has included several earmarks to the spending bill unrelated to
Katrina recovery or the war in Iraq. The bill also includes the so-called
Railroad to Nowhere, a $700 million earmark to relocate a railroad line that was
recently rebuilt after Hurricane Katrina damaged the line.

"Using 'must-pass' spending bills to add pork projects is nothing new in
Congress," said Flake. "Unfortunately, the Senate is trying to take the practice
to a new low."

"I think the Senate is taking the term 'railroading the taxpayers' a little too
literally with this Railroad to Nowhere."

"President Bush has been complicit in Congress' spending spree for too long. He
needs to tell us that he will veto the spending bill if we load it up with pork,
and he needs to mean it."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 24, 2006 Monday 3:29 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENDS RULES COMMITTEE FOR INCLUDING EARMARK REFORM IN LOBBYING
REFORM PACKAGE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
commended the House Rules Committee for including earmark reform as part of the
lobbying reform package that the House of Representatives will consider this
week.

House conservatives and House Leadership agreed on the earmark reform provision
earlier this month during budget negotiations.

"It's impossible to have legitimate lobbying reform without meaningful earmark
reform," said Flake.

"The agreement on earmark reform is a significant first step toward curbing the
abuse of earmarks, and I'm pleased that the Rules Committee included it as part
of the lobbying reform bill."

The provision would allow House Members to raise a point of order on conference
reports that contain earmarks that were not included in the House or Senate
versions of an appropriations bill. Congressman Flake introduced comparable
legislation last year that would allow Members to raise a point of order if
earmarks are not included in the legislative text.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 19, 2006 Wednesday 3:31 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 94  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $5,000,000 for the Poultry Science Research
Facility in Starkville, Mississippi.

"If Republicans continue presiding over pork projects like this, the chickens
may come home to roost in November," said Flake. "Voters are madder than a wet
hen."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 12, 2006 Wednesday 3:34 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 107  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $750,000 for the Students in Free Enterprise
World Headquarters in Missouri for capital improvements.

"By serving up this generous helping of pork, Congress has told these 'students
in free enterprise' to throw away their Adam Smith textbook," said Flake.
"There's such a thing as a free lunch after all."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 10, 2006 Monday 3:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: 'WHILE REACHING CONSENSUS ON IMMIGRATION REFORM, CONGRESS MUST
REMEMBER LESSONS OF 1986'

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today cautioned Congress to
remember the lessons of the 1986 immigration reform bill while trying to reach
consensus on immigration reform.

"The 1986 immigration reform proposal failed because we refused to address our
future labor needs," said Flake. "We promised to ramp up enforcement at the
employer level but, because we didn't allow a sufficient number of workers to
enter the country legally, the federal government was forced to choose between a
growing economy and employer sanctions. It chose the former."

"It might be politically easier to address just one component of the problem,
but we cannot afford to make the same mistake again."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 10, 2006 Monday 3:36 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: MOLLOHAN CASE PROVIDES MORE CAUSE FOR CONGRESS TO ENACT MEANINGFUL
EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 288  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today said
that reports that the federal authorities are investigating a member of the
House Appropriations Committee provide more justification for Congress to enact
meaningful earmark reform.

According to a report in the Wall Street Journal last week, the U.S. Attorney's
Office in Washington, D.C. has opened an inquiry into $178 million in earmarks
secured by Congressman Allan Mollohan of West Virginia over the last five years.
In addition to sitting on the House Appropriations Committee, Congressman
Mollohan is the top Democrat on the House Ethics Committee.

"The Duke Cunningham case should have been enough impetus for Congress to enact
significant earmark reform, but now with an investigation of another member of
the House Appropriations Committee, Congress cannot ignore earmark reform."

"It is for the justice department to determine whether these actions were
illegal, but I think we already know they were inappropriate. Appropriators and
congressional leaders cannot continue to have the ability to drop earmarks into
bills in the dead of night."

"Any earmark reform that does not include both transparency and accountability
is nothing more than window dressing."

Congressman Flake has introduced H.R. 4964, which would require that all
earmarks be included in the actual text of spending or authorization bills,
rather than the committee or conference reports that accompany bills. This would
give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate projects that are wasteful
or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 6, 2006 Thursday 3:49 AM  EST

CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL OPENS NEW BUILDINGS NAMED AFTER SENS. SPECTER,
HARKIN

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
commented on the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) moving into the Arlen Specter
Headquarters and Emergency Operations Center and opening the Thomas R. Harkin
Global Communications Center.

"Maybe I'm just envious because, with my name, it's unlikely that anybody will
ever name a building after me, but is it appropriate for sitting Members of
Congress to be naming federal buildings after themselves?" said Flake. "I think
most taxpayers would agree that it is not."

Senators Specter and Harkin are the chairman and ranking member of the
appropriations subcommittee responsible for funding the CDC. The provisions
naming the buildings after Senators Specter and Harkin were included in the
Labor-HHS appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006, in violation of House rules
against naming public works after sitting Members of Congress.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 6, 2006 Thursday 3:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: AGREEMENT REACHED WITH LEADERSHIP ON EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 130  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
announced that House conservatives reached an agreement with House Leadership on
earmark reform modeled largely on his legislation. Agreement was also reached on
other budget process reforms.

House conservatives reached an agreement with House Leadership on earmark
reform, only to have House appropriators withhold support of the budget
resolution if the earmark reform was included.

"Truth be told, the earmark reforms agreed to are pretty modest. All we're
asking for is for earmarks to be debated in the light of day. Apparently, this
was a bridge too far for appropriators," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 6, 2006 Thursday 3:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST FINANCIAL LITERACY BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 103  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today voted
against a bill encouraging Americans to support the goals and ideals of
Financial Literacy Month, which include balancing a checkbook and sticking to a
budget.

"Congress is in no position to teach Americans how to manage their finances,"
said Flake.

"Rather than voting for this bill, I would support the goals and ideals of
Financial Literacy Month by encouraging all Americans not to use Congress as a
financial role model."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 6, 2006 Thursday 3:42 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, KOLBE, GUTIERREZ COMMENT ON SENATE IMMIGRATION REFORM COMPROMISE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Arizona Republican Reps. Jeff Flake and Jim Kolbe and Democratic Rep. Luis
Gutierrez of Illinois today issued the following statements regarding the Senate
compromise on immigration reform.

"This is a true compromise in the sense that all sides have made concessions,
but this is certainly a very workable proposal that will bring us a step closer
to a comprehensive temporary worker program," said Flake.

"I am pleased to see the Senate found a solution to the illegal immigration
problems. I support the reported compromise as a means to moving the debate
forward and reaching an agreement with the House. My hope is that the House will
be able to cast a vote on a complete immigration bill, which can pass," said
Rep. Kolbe.

"This compromise is a victory for those who oppose the punitive enforcement-only
approach passed in the House. While the devil is in the details, we must work to
ensure that any bill that passes Congress has a path to permanency for hard
working, tax- paying immigrants who are making positive contributions to our
communities," said Rep. Gutierrez.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 5, 2006 Wednesday 3:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $229,000 for dairy education in Iowa.

"This may sound cheesy but somebody needs to tell Congress, 'that's nacho
money,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 5, 2006 Wednesday 3:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE BLASTS 527 REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 121  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
opposed a campaign regulatory bill targeting so-called 527 groups.

"An overwhelming majority of House Republicans opposed McCain-Feingold because
it restricted political speech and expression," said Flake, "and here we are a
few years later, essentially trying to expand McCain-Feingold."

"It may be politically expedient in the short term to restrict what our
political opponents can say or how much money they can raise, but Republicans
run a far greater risk if we get out of the practice of expanding freedom and
start limiting it."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 31, 2006 Friday 3:54 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $500,000 to the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra for
expansion of the Atlanta Symphony Center.

"Congress really hit a sour note with this pork project," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 27, 2006 Monday 4:01 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE FOR INCLUDING MCCAIN-KENNEDY
TEMPORARY WORKER PROGRAM IN SENATE IMMIGRATION REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today applauded the Senate
Judiciary Committee for including the McCain-Kennedy temporary worker program in
the immigration reform bill that will be on the Senate floor later this week.

The Senate Judiciary Committee is expected to report the bill later this
evening.

"An enforcement-only approach simply does not work," said Flake. "We find
ourselves in the current predicament precisely because Congress has passed
enforcement-only measures in the past."

"By incorporating the McCain-Kennedy temporary worker plan into their
immigration reform bill, the Senate Judiciary Committee has taken a positive
step toward a comprehensive and rational solution to this problem."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez, has
introduced the House version of the McCain-Kennedy immigration reform bill. The
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 27, 2006 Monday 3:58 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE TO PRESERVE TEMPORARY WORKER PROGRAM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who is a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today urged the Senate Judiciary
Committee to maintain the agreement they have worked out and preserve
legislation to create a comprehensive temporary worker program.

"Simply put, any immigration reform bill that Congress passes without a
comprehensive temporary worker program is designed to fail," said Flake.

"It's clear that there is a protectionist sentiment in Congress at the moment,
and the incomplete immigration reform bill that passed in the House is evidence
of that. If Congress passes an immigration reform bill that does not include a
temporary worker program, we're just kicking the can down the road."

"I encourage the Senate to take the path that the House did not, by debating
this issue responsibly."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     March 22, 2006 Wednesday 4:03 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $2,000,000 for the U.S. Vegetable Laboratory in
Charleston, South Carolina.

"If Congress doesn't stop backing pork projects like this, we might get squashed
in November," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 17, 2006 Friday 4:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGED BY SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AGREEMENT ON TEMPORARY
WORKER PROGRAM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Immigration and Border
Security Subcommittee, is encouraged by the bipartisan agreement reached by the
Senate Judiciary Committee on creating a temporary worker program.

"The Senate Judiciary Committee's agreement balances the reality that our
economy relies on immigrants with the principle that illegal immigrants
currently in the country should be penalized and shouldn't jump ahead of
law-abiding immigrants," said Flake.

"The proposal creates a workable temporary worker program with broad support
that doesn't grant amnesty to illegal immigrants and won't cause a disruption in
our economic growth, and that's not an easy thing to do."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 16, 2006 Thursday 5:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES EARMARK REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
outlined a proposal for meaningful earmark reform at a hearing of the Senate
Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee's Subcommittee on Federal
Financial Management, Government Information, and International Security.

H.R. 4964 would require that all earmarks be included in the actual text of
spending or authorization bills, rather than the committee or conference reports
that accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to
eliminate projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House
floor.

"Any earmark reform proposal that does not give Members of Congress an
opportunity to go into bills and strike out wasteful earmarks is not real
reform," said Flake.

"I think we'd see a lot of pork projects disappear if Members were faced with
the prospect of having to defend the merits of their projects on the House
floor."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 16, 2006 Thursday 4:47 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE MARKS HOUSE EARMARK DEADLINE BY CALLING FOR EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today used
the House Appropriations Committee's deadline for earmark requests to highlight
the need for meaningful earmark reform.

All earmark requests from Members of the House of Representative are due to the
House Appropriations Committee no later than close of business today.

"What April 15 is to accountants, today is to lobbyists," said Flake. "Or, more
appropriately, maybe I should say that what Christmas is to Santa, today is to
lobbyists...only Congress' addiction to earmarks isn't make-believe."

"Now that the House Appropriations Committee has received all of this year's
earmark requests, my colleagues and I are faced with a decision: we can anger
the Appropriations Committee by embracing meaningful earmark reform or we can
anger voters by not embracing meaningful reform. It ought to be a no-brainer."

Congressman Flake has introduced H.R. 4964, which would require that all
earmarks be included in the actual text of spending or authorization bills,
rather than the committee or conference reports that accompany bills. This would
give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate projects that are wasteful
or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 16, 2006 Thursday 4:45 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE VOTES AGAINST SUPPLEMENTAL SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 114  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today voted
against the supplemental spending bill.

"This is another example of Congress tacking on extraneous spending to a popular
bill, like a bill to fund the troops in Iraq," said Flake. "We can't continue to
fold pork into Old Glory."

"The whole process behind this bill, from its classification as emergency
spending to the House Leadership's refusal to allow a vote to offset it,
exemplifies why taxpayers are so discontented with Congress and our inability to
demonstrate fiscal discipline."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     March 15, 2006 Wednesday 2:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,350,000 for pasteurization of shell eggs in
Michigan.

"I like bacon with my eggs, but this is taking it a little too far," said Flake.
"If Congress continues funding pork projects like this, we'll have egg on our
face come November."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     March 15, 2006 Wednesday 2:03 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, LUNGREN TO INTRODUCE BILL TO MAKE CONGRESSIONAL TRAVEL TRANSPARENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, along with
Republican Rep. Dan Lungren of California today announced plans to introduce
legislation permitting pre-approved privately financed congressional travel.

The Flake-Lungren bill would establish a pre-approval process for privately
financed congressional travel and require that travel records for Members of
Congress and staff be available online.

"A blindly inflexible ban on privately financed travel is a clear example of
Congress throwing the baby out with the bathwater."

"There are reasonable, less draconian solutions to the current problems, and we
owe it to the American people to explore those options. Full and timely
disclosure of all facts concerning any privately sponsored trips would allow our
constituents the information they need to make judgment about Members of
Congress."

"It would be detrimental to Congress, educational and charitable programs,
non-profit organizations, and taxpayers who would otherwise foot the bill for
congressional travel to completely ban privately financed travel."

"Current proposals placing total control of all privately funded travel with the
House Leadership would further concentrate their influence and power. Banning
all privately financed travel has a number of negative unintended consequences
and is not in the interest of anybody but the Leadership," said Flake and
Lungren in a joint statement.

Congressmen Flake and Lungren plan to introduce free-standing legislation this
week, but may offer the bill as an amendment to any lobbying reform proposal
that attempts to ban all privately financed congressional travel.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 10, 2006 Friday 5:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: CONGRESS WAS TOO HASTY IN REJECTING PORT DEAL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 122  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
asserted that Congress acted too hastily in rejecting the United Arab Emirates
port deal.

"This is another example of Congress acting too hastily," said Flake. "Rather
than considering the broader implications of this deal, Congress caved in to
protectionist impulses."

"Unfortunately, there seems to be a disturbing pattern of protectionism growing
in Congress. We've seen it on immigration, trade, and now this port deal. Too
often we make bad policy believing it to be good politics, but bad policy always
makes for bad politics in the end."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 10, 2006 Friday 5:00 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT ON DEATH OF SEN. JARRETT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 76  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
issued the following statement regarding the death of Arizona State Senator
Marilyn Jarrett.

"Marilyn Jarrett was a talented and principled legislator for Arizona. For my
family and me, Marilyn was a kind neighbor and a good friend. We will miss her
greatly," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 8, 2006 Wednesday 4:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $25,000 to Mifflintown, Pennsylvania for the
development of a playground facility.

"With pork like this, I can see why Congress' fiscal reputation is sliding,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       March 6, 2006 Monday 4:55 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PRESIDENT BUSH'S CALL FOR LINE-ITEM VETO

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
applauded President Bush's call for line-item veto authority.

"Giving the president a line-item veto would curb wasteful spending and restrain
federal spending," said Flake. "Having said that, until the president has a
line-item veto, I'd love to see him use his current veto power to strike down an
appropriations bill and force us in Congress get our act together."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 2, 2006 Thursday 6:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE TO COMPREHENSIVELY ADDRESS
IMMIGRATION REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary's Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today urged the Senate Judiciary
Committee to comprehensively address immigration reform.

"The House immigration reform bill only addressed the enforcement side of this
issue," said Flake. "Unfortunately, as we should have learned over the past
decade, increased enforcement alone isn't going to alleviate our immigration
troubles."

"Increased enforcement must be coupled with a practical temporary worker
program, and I hope that the Senate bill will recognize that fact."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 1, 2006 Wednesday 6:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 104  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to the city of Sparta, North Carolina
for construction of the Sparta Teapot Museum.

"Maybe this is just a tempest in a teapot, but if Republicans continue to
preside over the funding of pork projects like this, we may pay for it with our
majority," said Flake. "We ought to be a little more Spartan."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 1, 2006 Wednesday 6:23 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENDS SENATE RULES COMMITTEE FOR APPROVING EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 145  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised the Senate Rules Committee for approving legislation that includes
modest earmark reform.

"The Senate has now begun action on earmark reform, but more needs to be done
and there's no reason for the House to continue to delay," said Flake. "We need
to act on earmark reform now."

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 24, 2006 Friday 4:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ENCOURAGED BY CHAIRMAN SPECTER'S IMMIGRATION BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 159  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee, today called Senate Judiciary
Committee Chairman Specter's immigration bill a positive step toward
comprehensive immigration reform.

"Chairman Specter's bill recognizes that enforcement alone will not alleviate
our country's illegal immigration troubles," said Flake. "It's an encouraging
step towards achieving comprehensive reform."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 23, 2006 Thursday 4:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE GETS HIGHEST SCORE IN HOUSE FROM NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 132  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
received the highest score from the National Taxpayers Union on their annual
scorecard rating of Members of Congress on fiscal policy beneficial to
taxpayers.

The National Taxpayers Union compiles the score by reviewing every congressional
vote that affects tax, debt, spending, and regulatory issues.

For the third year in a row, Congressman Flake received the highest score in the
House of Representatives.

"This is about the only circumstance where being called a tightwad is a
compliment," said Flake.

More information on the National Taxpayers Union's scorecard can be found at
http://www.ntu.org.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 22, 2006 Wednesday 4:32 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 69  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $446,000 for oyster post harvest treatment in
Florida.

"This earmark really shucks," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 15, 2006 Wednesday 4:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 66  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $597,000 for the Montana Sheep Institute.

"This earmark is baaaaa-ad," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 13, 2006 Monday 4:13 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, COOPER, BASS, CARDOZA TO HOST PRESS BRIEFING ON EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 134  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, along with Reps. Jim
Cooper of Tennessee, Charles Bass of New Hampshire, and Dennis Cardoza of
California will host a briefing for press and congressional staff on earmark
reform on Wednesday at 11:00 am in 1334 Longworth HOB.

Congressmen Flake, Cooper, Bass, and Cardoza will be joined by various taxpayer
advocate groups, including Taxpayers for Common Sense, National Taxpayers Union,
Citizens Against Government Waste, and others.

WHAT:

Briefing on Earmark Reform by Congressmen Flake, Cooper, Bass, and Cardoza and
taxpayer advocate groups

WHEN:

Wednesday, February 15 at 11:00 am

WHERE:

1334 Longworth House Office Building

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 10, 2006 Friday 4:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES FORMER POLISH PRESIDENT AND NOBEL PEACE PRIZE WINNER LECH
WALESA'S COMMENTS ON CUBA

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised comments made yesterday in Miami by former Polish President and Nobel
Peace Prize winner Lech Walesa.

Walesa said that, like in communist-controlled Poland, democratic reforms would
be hastened in Cuba by increased international contact. Walesa made the case for
loosening U.S. travel restrictions, saying, "Here it does not matter how much it
[the Cuban government] earns, but rather how much the people gain with those
contacts, with that opening of the eyes, with those contacts with the outside
world. For us they were very important, so how would they not be for the
Cubans?"

Congressman Flake, who has been critical of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy,
believes that the most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to
weaken Castro's stranglehold over the country by easing trade and travel
restrictions currently imposed by the U.S.

"President Walesa has first-hand experience with the benefits of engagement,"
said Flake.

"As the U.S. continues to look for ways to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba,
his assessment of the situation is useful. We've tried to isolate Cuba for more
than 40 years and Castro is still as tyrannical as ever. It's time to try
something new."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 9, 2006 Thursday 4:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES INTRODUCTION OF SENATE EARMARK REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 166  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised Sen. McCain and a bipartisan group of U.S. Senators for introducing a
comprehensive earmark reform bill.

Congressman Flake has introduced a bipartisan earmark reform bill (H.R. 1642),
which currently has 63 cosponsors. H.R. 1642 requires that earmarks be included
in the actual text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference
reports that accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity
to eliminate projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the
House floor.

Senator McCain's earmark reform proposal includes language comparable to H.R.
1642.

"Senator McCain's credentials on earmark reform are second to none," said Flake.

"He's long been a lonely voice for earmark reform, and it's encouraging to see
that he's finally getting some company."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 8, 2006 Wednesday 4:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 97  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $80,000 to the City of Beardstown, Illinois for
the construction of the Beardstown Historical Society Grand Opera House

"If we Republicans don't get serious about earmark reform, the fat lady may be
singing on our days in the majority," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      February 6, 2006 Monday 4:47 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR GREATER SPENDING RESTRAINT IN PRESIDENT'S BUDGET

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 134  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
called on Congress to make more substantial spending cuts than those offered in
President Bush's budget for fiscal year 2007.

"Both President Roosevelt and Truman made substantial cuts in social programs
during wartime," said Flake. "And, as a conservative Republican, it pains me to
say this, but we ought to follow their example."

"The restraint on spending in this budget simply isn't sufficient."

"In order to protect our rebounding economy and our ability to fully fund the
war, we need to consider an across-the-board cut in non-defense discretionary
spending and we need to begin tackling entitlement reform."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
