
                              501 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 2, 2006 Thursday 6:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CONGRATULATES MAJORITY LEADER BOEHNER

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 168  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
congratulated John Boehner of Ohio on his election to House Majority Leader.

"This is a break from the status quo," said Flake.

"House Republicans needed to prove that we are committed to reform and, with
John Boehner's election to Majority Leader, I believe we've done that."

"I look forward to working with Majority Leader Boehner on earmark reform,
budget process reform, and a whole host of other institutional reforms."

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 1, 2006 Wednesday 6:54 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $298,000 for dairy industry revitalization in
Wisconsin.

"Taxpayers must be udderly disgusted to know Congress is milking them for pork
projects like this,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 27, 2006 Friday 6:58 AM  EST

HOUSE APPROPRIATOR SIGNS ONTO REP. FLAKE, SEN. MCCAIN EARMARK REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
applauded Rep. Todd Tiahrt of Kansas for cosponsoring earmark reform legislation
offered by Rep. Flake and Sen. McCain.

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

"For an appropriator to support a meaningful earmark reform bill shows just how
out of control the process has gotten," said Flake.

"I'm sure Todd Tiahrt will take some grief from a few of his colleagues on the
Appropriations Committee, but I hope that others follow his lead and press House
Leaders for serious earmark reform."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 26, 2006 Thursday 7:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES PRESIDENT BUSH FOR STRESSING NEED FOR EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
praised President Bush for stressing the need for congressional earmark reform.

"There is a virtual chorus across the country, now led by the President, calling
for earmark reform. I hope Congress hears it," said Flake.

"What would really help is for President Bush to follow up by vetoing
earmark-laden spending bills. That would help us get our act together."

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 25, 2006 Wednesday 5:47 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: LIMITING NUMBER OF EARMARK REQUESTS IS NOT ENOUGH

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
called a proposal to limit the number of earmarks Members of Congress can
receive incomplete.

"Certainly, any meaningful earmark reform will reduce the total number of
earmarks," said Flake. "However, simply limiting the number of earmarks Members
can receive is not enough."

"Only limiting the number of earmarks will merely result in bigger earmarks."

"Earmark reform must include transparency and accountability, and any proposal
without those components is incomplete."

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 25, 2006 Wednesday 5:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,300,000 for berry research in Alaska.

"It's earmarks like this pork project for berry research that may put Congress
in a jam come election day,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 24, 2006 Tuesday 5:00 AM  EST

REPS. FLAKE, BASS ENDORSE JOHN SHADEGG FOR HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Rep. Charlie Bass (R-NH) today endorsed Congressman
John Shadegg (R-AZ) for House Majority Leader.

"Frankly, we Republicans in Congress have lost our way," said Flake. "We've
disregarded many of the reforms that made us the majority party and, without a
serious course correction, we risk finding ourselves back in the minority. House
Republicans need a leader that is committed to serious reform and it's clear
that John Shadegg is that leader."

Earlier this month, Congressmen Flake and Bass, who represent the ideological
bookends of the House Republican Conference, led the effort to hold an election
for a permanent House Majority Leader.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 23, 2006 Monday 3:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO SPEAKER HASTERT OUTLINING STANDARDS FOR EARMARK
REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today sent
a letter to House Speaker Dennis Hastert outlining standards for earmark reform.

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Congressman Flake is concerned with recent statements by House Leadership
implying that earmark reform can be accomplished by attaching members' names to
earmarks.

"Anyone who thinks that members are averse to claiming credit for securing
earmarks hasn't been reading his own press releases," said Flake.

"Many of the earmark reform proposals being discussed come nowhere near getting
to the root of the problem. We're far beyond being able to make a few minor
fixes to the earmarking process; the system needs an overhaul."

Congressman Flake's letter to Speaker Hastert is attached.

January 23, 2006

Dear Speaker Hastert:

I am pleased to learn earmark reform will likely be part of a package of reforms
we will consider when we return to work in February. Thank you for making this a
priority.

Meaningful reform must provide for transparency and accountability. I am
concerned that some proposals being considered don't meet that standard.

Acting Majority Leader Blunt has suggested that we reform the earmark process by
having members of Congress attach their names to earmark requests. Even a
cursory glance at press releases issued by members after the passage of major
appropriations will reveal that having members claim credit for earmarks has
never been a problem.

The problem is that most of these earmarks are added at the last minute, often
in the middle of the night, when few can see them until it's too late. Because
these earmarks are almost always contained in committee and conference reports,
rather than in the spending bills themselves, they cannot be challenged even if
they are discovered. Simply requiring that names be attached to earmarks will do
nothing to change this secrecy.

You recently suggested that letters to appropriators requesting earmarks should
be made public. That would be a positive step but, in and of itself, it would do
little to change the status quo. As long as we allow members to hide earmark
requests in committee and conference reports, there will be little incentive for
members to write such letters.

To use a concrete example, even if other members suspected that Duke Cunningham
was being bribed to get the earmarks he secured, they still could not have
challenged those earmarks. Publicizing earmark request letters would not change
this process.

I am pleased to note that my legislation to require that earmarks be included in
bills (where they are subject to debate on the House floor) is being cosponsored
by two of the three candidates for Majority Leader. I would encourage you to add
your support to this effort.

Over the past several years we have allowed the earmarking process to grow out
of control. Earmarks have become the currency of corruption. We can't allow this
to continue.

I look forward to discussing this issue in person with you, and will contact
your office to see if a mutually agreeable time can be arranged.

Sincerely yours,

JEFF FLAKE

Member of Congress

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      January 20, 2006 Friday 4:14 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS DECISION BY TREASURY DEPARTMENT TO ALLOW CUBAN BASEBALL TEAM
TO PARTICIPATE IN WORLD BASEBALL CLASSIC

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today applauded the U.S. Treasury Department for granting the Cuban
baseball team licenses to enter the U.S. to participate in the World Baseball
Classic this spring. The Treasury Department had previously denied the team
licenses.

"I'm glad that the U.S. government has realized that it hit a foul ball by
denying Cuban baseball players the opportunity to play ball in America," said
Flake. "This new decision is a much better reflection of the great country we
are."

Congressman Flake, an outspoken critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy,
believes that the most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to
weaken Castro's stranglehold over the country by easing trade and travel
restrictions currently imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 19, 2006 Thursday 1:12 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: EARMARK REFORM MUST BE MORE THAN CHARADE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District, today
reacted to a plan outlined in Roll Call from one of the candidates for House
Majority Leader regarding earmark reform.

According to the column, the approach would require earmarks to be identified
with the Member requesting them and accompanied by a justification for how the
expenditure serves a public purpose.

"This approach would do little to virtually nothing to rein in earmarks," said
Flake. "The problem isn't an unwillingness by Members to identify themselves
with their earmarks - just read their press releases - it's the inability of any
other Members to challenge the spending."

"Anyone who defends the current practice of adding earmarks to conference
reports at the last minute, where they cannot be viewed or challenged, is not
serious about reforming the earmark process."

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Two candidates for House Majority Leader, Congressmen John Shadegg and John
Boehner, have cosponsored Congressman Flake's earmark reform bill.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 18, 2006 Wednesday 4:20 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $75,000 to the City of Lancaster, Ohio for the
renovation of a building for the glass-blowing museum.

"Given all of the hot air in Congress, I can't think of a more apropos pork
project," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 17, 2006 Tuesday 5:32 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: LOBBYING REFORM PROPOSAL INCOMPLETE WITHOUT EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Congressman Jeff Flake, who represents Arizona's Sixth District,
today said that earmark reform is an essential component of a comprehensive
lobbying reform package.

Congressman Flake and Senator John McCain of Arizona have introduced bipartisan
legislation (H.R. 1642) that requires that earmarks be included in the actual
text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports that
accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate
projects that are wasteful or unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

"Speaker Hastert today defended the ability of Members of Congress to use
earmarks," said Flake, "but the current practice of usurping proper channels and
inserting earmarks into spending bills in the dead of night is indefensible."

"The situation we find ourselves in today was not created by lobbyists alone; we
need to take a hard look at ourselves first."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 11, 2006 Wednesday 3:29 AM  EST

MOMENTUM FOR EARMARK REFORM CONTINUES TO GROW

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
said that the momentum for reforming the practice of earmarking is growing.

Earmarks are spending items slipped into appropriations bills without
appropriate congressional oversight.

Rep. John Boehner, a candidate for House Majority Leader, expressed his interest
in earmark reform today in a letter to Rules Committee Chairman David Dreier and
Rep. Todd Tiahrt, a candidate for House Majority Whip, has endorsed legislation
offered by Congressman Flake.

"Embracing earmark reform ought to be a given for any Republican interested in
Leadership," said Flake. "Leadership candidates are going to have a difficult
time convincing the Republican Conference that they're serious about reform
without a proposal for earmark reform."

Congressman Flake has introduced bipartisan legislation (H.R. 1642) that
requires that earmarks be included in the actual text of spending bills, rather
than the committee or conference reports that accompany bills. This would give
Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate projects that are wasteful or
unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Senator John McCain of Arizona has introduced companion legislation in the
Senate.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 11, 2006 Wednesday 3:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 94  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to the City of Peoria, Illinois for
design and construction of an Africa exhibit at the Glen Oak Zoo.

"Pork projects like this make me think we need signs around the Capitol reading:
'please don't feed the animals,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 10, 2006 Tuesday 2:22 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SEN. CLINTON'S CALLS FOR BODY ARMOR INVESTIGATION DISINGENUOUS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today called
Sen.

Hillary Clinton's calls for an investigation into the lack of adequate body
armor disingenuous.

Senator Clinton boasted in press releases last year about local funding she was
able to secure in the Defense Appropriations bill and how the projects would
affect the local economy.

"If Senator Clinton is serious about an investigation into why our troops aren't
receiving adequate body armor, she would do well to start with her own office,"
said Flake.

"The millions of dollars that she was able to divert away from the defense
budget to pork projects in New York could have been used to provide our troops
with more body armor."

"It doesn't do our troops any good for Senator Clinton to put out press releases
in December bragging about the defense funds she was able to divert to New York
and then put out a press release a month later calling for an investigation as
to why the Defense Department doesn't have enough money for body armor."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 5, 2006 Thursday 12:26 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $139,000 for maple research in Vermont.

"Funding pork projects like this, congressional appropriators must think
taxpayers are a bunch of saps," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 5, 2006 Thursday 12:23 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE REITERATES CALL FOR EARMARK REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the Arizona's Sixth District, today
reiterated his call for reforming the practice of earmarking. Earmarks are
spending items slipped into appropriations bills without appropriate
congressional oversight.

In a letter to Speaker Dennis Hastert, Congressman Flake asked that earmark
reform precede efforts to reform the practice of lobbying: "While lobbying
reform should be considered, doing so without first putting our own House in
order would do more to feed public cynicism than restore public confidence."

Congressman Flake has introduced bipartisan legislation (H.R. 1642) that
requires that earmarks be included in the actual text of spending bills, rather
than the committee or conference reports that accompany bills. This would give
Members of Congress an opportunity to eliminate projects that are wasteful or
unnecessary when bills come to the House floor.

Senator John McCain of Arizona has introduced companion legislation in the
Senate.

"Unfortunately, we Republicans have taken earmarking to an unprecedented level.
It's now our responsibility to clean it up," said Flake.

Congressman Flake's letter to Speaker Hastert is attached.

January 5, 2006

Dear Speaker Hastert:

It is no secret that over the past several months our reputation as a governing
majority has taken a beating. It is clear that continuing media coverage of
indictments, possible indictments, plea deals, tainted campaign contributions,
etc., has severely eroded the public trust.

While some of what has occurred can be attributed to partisan politics, much of
it cannot. We have allowed, and in some cases fostered, an atmosphere that
breeds corruption. I am speaking specifically of the escalating practice of
"earmarking." With the number and dollar value of earmarks more than quadrupling
over the past decade, pork-barrel spending has become an unfortunate hallmark of
our Republican majority.

While the ability of members of Congress to designate, or "earmark" funding for
specific projects that benefit his or her district, or specific institutions and
individuals, is not new, the scope and scale of the practice today is
unprecedented. Jack Abramoff reportedly referred to the Appropriations Committee
as a "favor factory." No one who has seen the process firsthand, as we have,
would honestly dispute his characterization.

As you consider various proposals over the coming months intended to restore
public trust in this institution, I would encourage you put reforming the
practice of earmarking at the top of this year's agenda. There is already some
discussion about additional restrictions and enhanced disclosure for lobbyists.
This may well be needed, but it is peripheral reform at best. We first have to
look at our own conduct.

As you know, I have introduced legislation, H.R. 1642, which would prohibit
federal agencies from funding earmarks unless they are contained in the actual
legislative language of a bill. This would allow earmarks appearing in committee
reports to be amended on the House floor, which is not allowed under current
practice. It would also provide point-of-order protection to prevent the waiving
of House rules with regard to attaching non-germane spending (i.e. earmarks
contained in neither the House or Senate spending bill) in the conference
report.

Again, while lobbying reform should be considered, doing so without first
putting our own House in order would do more to feed public cynicism than
restore public confidence.

I look forward to working with you on reforming the practice of earmarking.

Sincerely,

JEFF FLAKE

Member of Congress

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2006 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 20, 2005 Tuesday 12:19 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 79  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture appropriations bill for
fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 for sugarcane breeding and harvesting in
Houma, Louisiana.

"They can sugarcoat it all they want, but this still tastes like pork to me,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 15, 2005 Thursday 12:44 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DECRIES DECISION BY TREASURY DEPARTMENT TO DENY VISAS TO CUBAN
BASEBALL TEAM TO PARTICIPATE IN WORLD BASEBALL CLASSIC

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Republican Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International
Relations Committee, today decried the decision by the Department of Treasury's
Office of Foreign Assets Control to deny visas for travel to the United States
to the Cuban baseball team.

Cuba is scheduled to participate in the World Baseball Classic this spring.

"If the U.S. is interested in bringing freedom to Cuba, perhaps we ought to
practice a little freedom ourselves," said Flake. "What sense does it make for
the U.S. to punish Cuba for denying freedom to its citizens by ourselves denying
Cuban citizens the freedom to travel to our country?"

"We ought to take every opportunity available to expose Cubans to the freedom
and liberties of our country."

"Besides, our baseball team is better than their baseball team."

Congressman Flake, an outspoken critic of the U.S.'s current Cuba policy,
believes that the most effective way to hasten democratic reforms in Cuba is to
weaken Castro's stranglehold over the country by easing trade and travel
restrictions currently imposed by the U.S.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   December 14, 2005 Wednesday 12:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 107  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for the National Cattle Congress in
Waterloo, Iowa for renovation and construction of facilities.

"I've never been one to follow the herd, so I could complain about pork projects
like this until the cows come home," said Flake. "Allowing earmarks like this
will one day be the Republican Party's Waterloo."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 8, 2005 Thursday 12:37 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SAYS BORDER SECURITY BILL IS ONLY FIRST STEP

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, today said
the Committee's passage of a border security bill is only the first step in
addressing our country's immigration crisis.

He stressed that a temporary worker program must be included as part of the
final bill to effectively address the problem.

"I am glad that Congress has, at long last, decided to address our immigration
crisis," said Flake.

"It's important to recognize that this is simply the first step. Chairman
Sensenbrenner believes, as I do, that a comprehensive temporary worker is
necessary if we really want to secure the border. I intend to work with him to
achieve that end."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    December 7, 2005 Wednesday 12:35 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 to the City of Utica, New York for the
replacement of windows at the Utica Public Library.

"It panes me that Congress would fund an earmark like this," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   November 30, 2005 Wednesday 12:33 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Transportation-Treasury
appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 to the City of Toledo, Ohio for the
construction of ice skating rinks in city parks.

"With earmarks like this, it's easy to see why Congress' fiscal reputation is on
thin ice," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 28, 2005 Monday 12:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PRESIDENT BUSH'S CALL FOR TEMPORARY WORKER PROGRAM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration
and Border Security Subcommittee, today applauded President Bush's remarks
regarding the need for comprehensive immigration reform.

President Bush made the remarks today during a speech in Tucson, Arizona.

"Rather than trying to score political points with sharp rhetoric that's short
on substance, President Bush is interested in moving forward with a
comprehensive policy that couples increased border enforcement with a temporary
worker program," said Flake.

"It's critical that any immigration reform package include a temporary worker
program. Without it, we simply will not be addressing the issue."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   November 23, 2005 Wednesday 12:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS DECISION TO END 'CATCH AND RELEASE' POLICY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 259 words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration
and Border Security Subcommittee, today applauded the federal government's
decision to end its "catch and release" policy.

Under the policy, illegal immigrants from countries other than Mexico that have
been detained are released and given a summons to appear in court at a later
date. Most of the illegal immigrants never show up for the court, yet they
remain in the country.

"It's not hard to understand why Americans are so frustrated with the federal
government's handling of immigration when you look at policies like this," said
Flake. "Ending the catch and release policy is long overdue."

"However, we need to recognize that closing loopholes like this and increasing
enforcement alone will not solve our immigration woes. Increased enforcement
absolutely must be coupled with a comprehensive temporary worker program. Absent
a temporary worker program, we're just kicking the can down the road, and we'd
be doing it at the expense of our national security."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 18, 2005 Friday 2:37 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE LAMBASTES EARMARKS IN TRANSPORTATION-TREASURY-HUD SPENDING BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
attacked the earmarks contained in the Transportation-Treasury-HUD spending bill
for fiscal year 2006. Rep. Flake voted against the bill, which passed the House
of Representatives by a vote of 392 to 31.

The bill did remove two notorious earmarks, the so-called "Bridges to Nowhere"
in Alaska, from the $286 billion transportation bill that was signed into law in
August, although Alaska will still receive the funds from the earmarks.

"While we removed two earmarks, we added literally thousands more," said Flake.
"That's not a good trade. It's no wonder that taxpayers don't take our fiscal
rhetoric seriously."

The following is a sampling of earmarks contained in the bill: $250,000 to the
City of Utica, New York for the replacement of windows at the Utica Public
Library; $100,000 to the City of Oil City, Pennsylvania for upgrades to the Oil
Creek Railway Historic Caboose; $750,000 for a pedestrian bridge in Orting, WA;
$250,000 for city pool improvements in Banning, CA; $100,000 for a county
tourism mural project in WV; $5 million for the Denali Commission, AK; $15
million for Alaska and Hawaii ferry projects; $100,000 million for the City of
Elmer, New Jersey for expansion of Appel Farms Arts and Music Center; $300,000
for the Maine Franco-American Heritage Center Renovation Project; $150,000 to
the City of Hudson, Illinois for construction of Timber Pointe Outdoor center;
$250,000 for Miami Dade County, Florida for the Miami Performing Arts Center;
$950,000 for a parking facility as part of the Joslyn Art Museum Master Plan in
Omaha, Nebraska; $100,000 to the City of Bethlehem, New Hampshire for the
renovation of Main Street performing arts theater; $250,000 to the
Burchfield-Penney Art Center in Buffalo, New York for the construction of an art
museum; $150,000 to the Museum of the Moving Image in Queens, New York for
facility expansion; and $100,000 to the City of Toledo, Ohio for the
construction of Ice-Skating Rinks in City Parks.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 17, 2005 Thursday 12:57 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE BLASTS SPENDING IN LABOR-HHS APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
blasted spending projects in the Labor-HHS appropriations bill.

Despite claims by the House Appropriations Committee, who assert that it has no
earmarks, the bill contains many spending projects.

"If it looks like an earmark and it wastes like an earmark, then it must be an
earmark," said Flake.

"It's ironic that, as Republicans are scrounging for votes on the deficit
reduction bill, we're stuffing appropriations bills with pork."

The Labor-HHS appropriations bill contains earmarks like $2 million for the
Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians for cultural and educational funding, $1.25
million for a Center of Excellence in Native Hawaiian Law at the University of
Hawaii, $222,000 for facility renovations at the Gillis W. Long Hansen's Disease
Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and $1.25 million for the Hawaiian Department
of Education for school construction and renovation activities.

It also violates House rules against naming public works after sitting Members
of Congress by renaming the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
headquarters as the Arlen Specter Headquarters and Emergency Operations Center
and renaming the Center for Disease Control and Prevention communications center
as the Thomas R. Harkin Global Communications Center.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 16, 2005 Wednesday 1:07 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS REMOVAL OF 'BRIDGE TO NOWHERE' EARMARK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
applauded the removal of the so-called "Bridge to Nowhere" earmark from the
recently passed transportation bill.

The $223 million earmark for a bridge connecting the town of Ketchikan, Alaska
to a nearby island of 50 full-time residents has been dubbed the "Bridge to
Nowhere" by critics. Congressional leaders have moved to remove the earmark
language so that Alaska transportation managers can spend that funding on
projects of greater priority.

"We've managed to remove one earmark from the transportation bill, but we've
still got over 5,800 earmarks to go," said Flake.

"The Bridge to Nowhere has become a symbol for the fiscal excess in the
transportation bill, but there are thousands of earmarks in the bill that are
just as excessive."

Congressman Flake listed other pork projects in the bill that ought to raise
just as much ire as the Bridge to Nowhere: $231 million for a bridge connecting
Anchorage, Alaska to unpopulated wetlands; $2.7 million for the Packard Museum
in Warren, Ohio; $2.6 million for pedestrian walkway and bikeway improvements
along the NYC Greenway System in Coney Island, NY; $2 million for intermodal
transportation at the Bronx Zoo; $1.6 to enhance the Battery Park bikeway
perimeter in New York City; $2.3 million for landscaping enhancements "for
aesthetic purposes" along the Ronald Reagan Freeway, CA; and literally thousands
of more earmarks like this.

Congressman Flake has introduced legislation (H.R. 4071) that would give states
greater flexibility to spend funding from the transportation bill as they see
fit. The bill would allow states to disregard earmark instructions in the bill
and spend the money on projects they believe are of greatest importance. It
would also rescind 10 percent of funding in the bill for deficit reduction and
to offset hurricane recovery spending.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 16, 2005 Wednesday 1:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture spending bill for fiscal
year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $384,000 for weed control research in North
Dakota.

"Congress must have been smoking something when they inserted this earmark,"
said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 15, 2005 Tuesday 1:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO CONTAIN COST OF NEW MEDICARE DRUG ENTITLEMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 152  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today said
it is not too late for Congress to consider a measure to help contain the
growing cost of the new Medicare prescription drug entitlement.

"As many of my colleagues rush today to put out press releases today encouraging
seniors to enroll for this new entitlement, I would encourage them to consider
how we intend to pay for it," said Flake.

"It's not too late to try to contain the cost of this entitlement."

Congressman Flake has sponsored legislation (H.R. 3870) that would delay the
Medicare prescription drug benefit for 2 years for every eligible beneficiary
except the lowest income subsidy-eligible seniors. The lowest income
subsidy-eligible seniors would be able to enroll starting January 1, 2006, as
scheduled.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    November 9, 2005 Wednesday 12:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture spending bill for fiscal
year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $591,000 for tri-state joint peanut research in
Alabama.

"With Congress continuing to shell out money for earmarks like this, it's no
wonder we're driving taxpayers nuts," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 8, 2005 Tuesday 12:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENDS CHAIRMAN HOSTETTLER FOR OFFERING HIS OWN PROPOSAL BUT
STRESSES NEED FOR COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's
Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, today commended Immigration
Subcommittee Chairman John Hostettler for offering his own immigration reform
proposal.

Yet, Rep. Flake stressed that an "enforcement only" approach to immigration
reform will not be sufficient to solve our immigration problems.

"This latest immigration reform proposal is another sign that there is clearly a
desire in Congress to tackle this issue," said Flake.

"However, Congress needs to learn from the mistakes we've made in the past when
we've tried to reform our immigration system. An 'enforcement only' proposal is
not a solution. Enforcement is surely a critical component of reform, but it has
to be coupled with a comprehensive temporary worker program."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 8, 2005 Tuesday 12:37 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO OFFER AMENDMENT TO DEFICIT REDUCTION ACT RESCINDING FUNDING FROM
TRANSPORTATION BILL, GIVING STATES GREATER FLEXIBILITY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
announced that he would be offering an amendment to the Deficit Reduction Act
that would rescind a portion of the earmarked spending in the mammoth $285
billion transportation bill and give states greater discretion to use the
remaining funding.

The amendment would allow states to disregard earmark instructions in the bill
and spend the money on projects they believe are of greater importance. The
amendment would also rescind 10 percent of earmarked funding in the bill to be
used to offset other spending priorities, like hurricane recovery and bird flu
preparations.

"Let's face it, as long as we're spending money on Bridges to Nowhere, trying to
portray ourselves as fiscal conservatives is like Alan Alda trying to portray
himself as a Republican on The West Wing," said Flake. "It's entertaining, but
it's not very believable."

"Taxpayers don't trust us with their money, and who can blame them as long as we
continue to defend some of the pork projects in the transportation bill."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 3, 2005 Thursday 2:39 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE DECRIES EARMARKS IN AGRICULTURE APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 391  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
decried the earmarks contained in the Agriculture Appropriations bill, which the
House of Representatives passed last week and the Senate passed today.

"There has been an awful lot of talk in Congress recently about pinching
pennies, but, unfortunately, it seems to be just that: talk," said Flake.

"Just a cursory glance at the Agriculture Appropriations bill reveals earmark
after earmark that don't even pass the laugh test. It's not too late for the
President to veto this bill and I beg him to do so."

The following is a sampling of earmarks contained in the conference report for
the Agriculture Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2006: Bovine Genetics
Research in Beltsville, MD - $300,000; Corn Rootworm Research in Ames, IA -
$100,000; Formosan Termites Research in New Orleans, LA - $120,000; New Crop
Opportunities in AK - $443,000; Peanut Variety Research in Stillwater, OK -
$180,000; Potato Blight Research in Orono, ME - $80,000; Seafood Waste Research
in Fairbanks, AK - $75,000; Sugarcane Breeding and Harvesting in Houma, LA -
$100,000; Swine Lagoon Alternatives in Florence, SC - $100,000; Turf Grass
Research in Beaver, WV - $180,000; Vegetable Laboratory in Charleston, SC -
$2,000,000; Appalachian Fruit Laboratory in Kearneysville, WV - $2,045,000;
Center for Food Industry Excellence in TX - $1,367,000; Center for Innovative
Food Technology in OH - $1,145,000; Cotton Research in TX - $2,500,000;
Pasteurization of Shell Eggs in MI - $1,350,000; Alternative Uses for Tobacco in
MD - $332,000; Apple Fire Blight Research in MI and NY - $500,000; Beef
Technology Transfer Research in MO - $259,000; Beef Improvement Research in TX
and MO - $1,000,000; Citrus Canker Research in FL - $500,000;
Cranberry/Blueberry Research in MA - $160,000; Cranberry/Blueberry Disease and
Breeding Research in NJ - $650,000; Dairy and Meat Goat Research in TX -
$150,000; Exotic Pest Diseases Research in CA - $1,929,000; Fish and Shellfish
Technologies in VA - $476,000; Fruit and Berry Crop Trails for Rural Villages in
AK - $500,000; Increasing Self Life of Agricultural Commodities in ID -
$863,000; Lowbush Blueberry Research in ME - $246,000.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 3, 2005 Thursday 2:35 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PASSAGE OF PRIVATE PROPERTY RIGHTS PROTECTION ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, today
applauded the House of Representatives for passing the Private Property Rights
Protection Act (H.R. 4128).

In respond to the Supreme Court's decision on Kelo v. City of New London, the
House drafted H.R. 4128, which prevents federal funds from being distributed to
states and localities that use eminent domain for economic development purposes.

"The Supreme Court has ruled that local governments have broad power to exercise
eminent domain," said Flake. "However, withholding federal funds is a very
powerful tool that the federal government can use to ensure that local
governments aren't abusing their power."

Congressman Flake authored two amendments that were attached to the bill during
its consideration by the House Judiciary Committee. The first amendment ensured
that states or localities could not funnel federal funds through a third party
in order to usurp the intent of the bill.

The second amendment was a Sense of the Congress that stated that "it is the
policy of the United States to encourage, support, and promote the private
ownership of property and to ensure that the constitutional and other legal
rights of private property owners are protected by the federal government."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 3, 2005 Thursday 2:32 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 84  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the Agriculture spending bill for fiscal
year 2006.

This week's egregious earmark: $50,000 for Shiitake mushroom research.

"Of the thousands and thousands of earmarks that Congress funds every year, this
earmark might be the most appropriately named pork project," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     November 3, 2005 Thursday 2:28 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS FOR BIRD FLU SPENDING TO BE OFFSET BY MEANS-TESTING MEDICARE
PRESCRIPTION DRUG ENTITLEMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today called
for President Bush's $7.1 billion request to prepare for the possibility of a
bird flu pandemic to be offset by targeting the Medicare prescription drug
entitlement to low-income seniors.

"Rather than moving ahead with a universal prescription drug entitlement for
Medicare, we ought to target the benefit to low-income seniors, like President
Bush originally proposed," said Flake.

"By all accounts, a possible bird flu pandemic could be devastating, and we have
a responsibility to be prepared. However, we also have a responsibility to pay
for the programs that we need at the expense of the programs that we don't need,
and the federal government does not need to pay for prescription drugs for
seniors who can afford them on their own."

Congressman Flake has sponsored legislation (H.R. 3870) that would delay the
Medicare prescription drug benefit for 2 years for every eligible beneficiary
except the lowest income subsidy-eligible seniors. The lowest income
subsidy-eligible seniors would be able to enroll starting January 1, 2006.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 19, 2005 Wednesday 4:53 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $750,000 for building demolition in Waterbury,
Connecticut.

"Connecticut gets some of its old building demolished, but it's Congress'
credibility on spending that is bulldozed," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 18, 2005 Tuesday 5:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENTS ON VOTE AGAINST NATIONAL CHEMISTRY WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Arizona Rep. Flake, who represents the State's Sixth District, released the
following statement to explain his vote against House Resolution 457, a bill
commemorating National Chemistry Week:

"One would think that with important issues before the Congress, trivial
resolutions like this ought to go over like a Pb balloon," said Flake.

"Frankly, this bill just didn't hold H2O. Instead of spending time passing
inconsequential resolutions like this, Congress needs a Ne sign flashing, 'get
back to work.' Small bills like this are hardly the Au standard."

"Passing minor bills like this, rather than focusing on some of the major issues
facing the country, shows that Congress has a Sn ear."

The Ag lining for chemists and chemistry buffs is that, despite Flake's puns and
protests, the bill passed 366 to 2.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 18, 2005 Tuesday 5:05 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: CUBAN-AMERICAN IRAQ WAR HERO'S SITUATION POINTS OUT ABSURDITY OF
U.S. CUBA POLICY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today was pleased that the State Department and the Cuban government
have reached an agreement that would permit Carlos Lazo's sons into the U.S.
temporarily so he can visit them.

However, Rep. Flake said the situation points out the absurdity of U.S. policy
towards Cuba.

Carlos Lazo, who came to the U.S. from Cuba in 1992 and has since become a U.S.
citizen, served in Iraq in 2004. He earned a Bronze Star for his actions during
a battle in Fallujah.

Sergeant Lazo's younger son became ill earlier this year and was hospitalized.
However, when Sgt. Lazo attempted to visit his sons in Cuba, he was told that he
was not permitted to travel to Cuba because he had visited them in 2003.
Cuban-Americans are only permitted to travel to Cuba to care for sick relatives
or attend funerals once every three years.

"I'm glad that Sgt. Lazo is going to be able to visit with his sons," said
Flake. "However, the ordeal that he has had to go through to reach this point
really shows how ridiculous our policy towards Cuba has become."

"A policy intended to punish Castro and his regime seems to punish people like
Sgt. Lazo and other Cuban-American families. If we are serious about bringing
freedom to Cuba, perhaps we ought to practice a little more of it ourselves."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 18, 2005 Tuesday 5:02 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PRESIDENT BUSH FOR CALLING FOR COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION
REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 166  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration
and Border Security Subcommittee, today applauded President Bush for stressing
the importance of a comprehensive approach to immigration reform.

"President Bush understands that increased enforcement alone won't solve the
problem," said Flake. "Increased enforcement has to be tied to a law we can
enforce."

"If we want something closer to a cure than a band-aid, we have got to have a
temporary worker program."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 18, 2005 Tuesday 5:00 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE TO INTRODUCE LEGISLATION GIVING STATES MORE FLEXIBILITY OVER FUNDING
IN TRANSPORTATION BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
announced plans to introduce legislation that would give states greater
flexibility to spend funding from the recently passed transportation bill as
they see fit.

The bill would also rescind 10 percent of funding in the bill to be used to
offset hurricane recovery spending.

The bill would allow states to disregard earmark instructions in the bill and
spend the money on projects they feel are of greater importance.

"Members of Congress have basically stolen the decision-making process from
state departments of transportation," said Flake. "Perhaps states would choose
to fund many of the earmarks in the bill anyway, but that's a decision that they
ought to be able to make."

"My guess is that most states would gladly forgo 10 percent of their funding for
the ability to make funding decisions."

"States like California and Illinois may have made out well enough in terms of
the level of transportation funding they received, but few people outside of
those state departments of transportation realize that much of their funding is
concentrated in the congressional districts of a few powerful Members of
Congress. It's not a wise way to distribute transportation funding."

Rescinding approximately 10 percent of funding in the transportation bill would
free up $18 billion to offset spending on Hurricane Katrina recovery.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    October 12, 2005 Wednesday 5:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $796,000 for the Ice Age National Scientific
Reserve.

"It's earmarks like this that prove that fiscal responsibility in Congress is
extinct," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     October 6, 2005 Thursday 5:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 133  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $10,000,000 for the Alaska Fisheries Marketing
Board. The Board used the earmark to issue a $500,000 grant to Alaska Airlines
to custom paint the image of a huge king salmon onto one of their 737 passenger
planes.

"I would have thought I'd see pigs fly before Congress would pay $500,000 for a
flying fish," said Flake.

The Anchorage Daily News reported the $500,000 grant to Alaska Airlines on
Sunday (http://www.adn.com/front/story/7038924p-6942571c.html).

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   September 28, 2005 Wednesday 5:32 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the massive transportation bill that was
signed into law in August.

This week's egregious earmark: $1,300,000 for a daycare center and park-and-ride
facility in Champaign, Illinois.

"This earmark is more proof that Congress needs to grow up," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     September 19, 2005 Monday 6:50 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE RENEWS CALL FOR DELAY OF MEDICARE DRUG BENEFIT, SAVINGS COULD BE USED
FOR HURRICANE RECOVERY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 173  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state\'s Sixth District, reissued
his call for Congress and President Bush to postpone implementation of the
Medicare prescription drug entitlement for one year.

Postponing the drug entitlement by a year would allow Congress to use the $40
billion slated for the Medicare drug benefit on Hurricane Katrina recovery
costs.

"I never believed that it was responsible to create this new entitlement, but
it\'s even more irresponsible now given that Hurricane Katrina has created new
spending priorities for the federal government," said Flake.

"We need to recognize that there is a new fiscal reality. If we\'re going to
responsibly fund the hurricane recovery, we cannot afford to start new spending
programs, particularly one of this magnitude."

Congressman Flake introduced H.R. 1382 in March. The bill would postpone
implementation of the prescription drug benefit for one year.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 8, 2005 Thursday 5:11 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS PRESIDENT FOR SUSPENDING DAVIS-BACON FOR HURRICANE KATRINA
RECOVERY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
applauded President Bush's move to temporarily suspend the Davis-Bacon Act for
the Hurricane Katrina recovery.

The Davis-Bacon Act can add weeks to federally financed construction projects
and it effectively discriminates against non-union contractors, often driving up
costs. President George H.W. Bush temporarily suspended the Davis-Bacon Act
during the recovery from Hurricane Andrew in 1992.

"The victims of this disaster deserve the swiftest and most efficient response
that the federal government can provide, so President Bush did the right thing
in temporarily suspending Davis-Bacon," said Flake.

Congressman Flake, along with Congressman Tom Feeney of Florida and
Congresswoman Marilyn Musgrave of Colorado, organized a letter sent to President
Bush yesterday asking him to make the proclamation.

Congressman Flake has also introduced legislation (H.R. 3684) that would
automatically trigger a temporary suspension of Davis-Bacon when the President
declares a state of emergency.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 8, 2005 Thursday 5:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON CONGRESS TO CUT SPENDING ELSEWHERE TO FUND HURRICANE RELIEF

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 108  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today called
on Congress to offset spending for Hurricane Katrina relief with funding from
lower priority programs.

"If ever there was a reason to cut spending, this is it," said Flake.

"Today Congress appropriated another $50 billion in hurricane relief, and it's
just a start. That's an average contribution of more than $600 from every
household in America. Congress has the responsibility to cut spending elsewhere
if we are going to commit this amount of money."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 7, 2005 Wednesday 5:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 for the Dennison Railroad Depot Museum
in Ohio.

"With earmarks like this, Congress deserves a swift kick in the caboose," said
Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    September 7, 2005 Wednesday 5:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON U.N. TO TAKE PROPER STEPS IN RESPONSE TO VOLCKER REPORT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, vice-chairman of the House International Relations
Committee's Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, today called on the
United Nations (UN) to take the necessary steps to hold those guilty in the Oil
for Food scandal accountable and lay the groundwork for broader reform of the
body.

"The Volcker Report shows that corruption was rife within the Oil for Food
program," said Flake. "In order to get this scandal behind them and again become
an effective body, the UN needs to waive immunity for those implicated and turn
over all relevant documents to Member states."

"The House of Representatives has passed legislation that seeks to reform the UN
by conditioning a portion of U.S. funding on it. The ball in the UN's court, but
Congress is ready to act if the UN continues to stonewall."

Congressman Flake successfully authored an amendment to the UN Reform Act (H.R.
2745) that requires the UN to turn over documentary evidence to Member states
investigating the Oil for Food scandal and waive immunity for any UN employee
charged in the U.S. with a crime associated with the Oil for Food program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 15, 2005 Monday 5:14 AM  EST

NEW MEXICO 'STATE OF EMERGENCY' DECLARATION AT BORDER FURTHER EVIDENCE OF NEED
FOR TEMPORARY WORKER PROGRAM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee's Immigration
and Border Security Subcommittee, today said that New Mexico Gov.

Bill Richardson's declaration of a state of emergency in several counties
bordering Mexico is more evidence that Congress needs to immediately implement a
comprehensive temporary worker program, coupled with increased employer
enforcement.

"As Arizonans well know, the federal government's inability to control the
border has been a crisis for some time," said Flake.

"As frustration continues to spread to the rest of the country, we can only hope
that Congress gets the message and passes a comprehensive temporary worker
program, coupled with increased employer enforcement. We cannot afford to wait
any longer."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      August 4, 2005 Thursday 5:20 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 97  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted a pork project contained in the massive transportation bill that
Congress passed last week.

This week's egregious earmark: $600,000 for horse riding trails in Jefferson
National Forest, Virginia.

"There seems to be a disconnect between Congress and taxpayers when it comes to
spending. Congress is yelling, 'giddy up,' while taxpayers are telling us to
hold our horses," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 26, 2005 Tuesday 9:35 AM  EST

SENATE HEARING ON IMMIGRATION REFORM SHOWS CONSENSUS BUILDING FOR
MCCAIN-KENNEDY-KOLBE-FLAKE-GUTIERREZ BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, today said
that a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on immigration reform showed that
consensus was building for a bipartisan bill (H.R. 2330) introduced by Sens.

John McCain and Ted Kennedy and Reps. Jim Kolbe, Jeff Flake, and Luis Gutierrez.

Senators John McCain, Ted Kennedy, Sam Brownback, and Russ Feingold, as well as
Tamar Jacoby of the Manhattan Institute and Hal Daub of the Essential Workers
Coalition, all testified that the McCain-Kennedy-Kolbe-Flake-Gutierrez bill was
the most realistic, rational approach to immigration reform.

"Today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing was an important legislative first
step in the immigration reform process," said Flake. "This debate is long
overdue. There's a sincere commitment in the Senate to begin work on an
immigration reform proposal, and I hope that the House schedules hearings
shortly after the August recess."

The Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national
security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by creating
a comprehensive temporary worker program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 22, 2005 Friday 2:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS FOUR AMENDMENTS TO PATRIOT ACT REAUTHORIZATION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, today
offered four amendments during the House of Representative's consideration of
reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act.

The first amendment requires the Director of the FBI to personally approve any
FBI request for library or bookstore records under the section of the bill that
allows the FBI to obtain such records. Another amendment more explicitly defines
domestic terrorism under the section regarding the seizing of assets, changing
the "domestic terrorism" definition to "federal crimes of terrorism."

An additional amendment precludes judges from preventing someone from receiving
notification about a home search by the government simply because it would delay
a trial to notify the target.

The last amendment allows recipients of national security letters to be able to
consult with an attorney, and also allows them to also challenge national
security letters in court.

"Some of the most contentious fights in Congress come when the federal
government must balance two responsibilities that can conflict each other, such
as preserving civil liberties and effectively fighting domestic terrorism," said
Flake. "The process that has created this bill exemplifies the way Congress
ought to work. Debate was thorough and the process was fair, and I believe that
it has created a bill that makes the country safer while protecting civil
liberties."

Congressman Flake worked with other members of the House Judiciary Committee in
2001 to add sunset provisions to the more controversial portions of the PATRIOT
Act, encouraging law enforcement officials to use the new power prudently and
giving Congress a chance to monitor the law's use. A ten-year sunset provision
has been added to this bill.

This year, Congressman Flake has chaired the PATRIOT Act Reform Caucus, a
bipartisan group of House Members formed to improve the PATRIOT Act by
protecting the safety and security of the nation, while ensuring that the law
does not violate our constitutional civil liberties or diminish our system of
checks and balances.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      July 21, 2005 Thursday 2:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 82  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 for a marine turtle program.

"With Congress spending money on pork projects like this, it's no wonder
taxpayers are shell-shocked," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       July 19, 2005 Tuesday 6:13 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: MOMENTUM FOR IMMIGRATION REFORM IS GROWING

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today said
that introduction of an immigration reform proposal by Sens.

John Cornyn of Texas and Jon Kyl of Arizona shows that momentum for
congressional action on this issue is growing.

"With the introduction of this latest immigration reform bill from Senators
Cornyn and Kyl, it's clear that momentum for congressional action on a
comprehensive proposal this year is growing," said Flake. "Senators Kyl and
Cornyn have offered a proposal that recognizes that we need to deal with the
illegal population currently present in this country as well as create a
mechanism for new workers."

"This is a debate that's long overdue. We cannot afford to wait any longer;
Congress needs to act."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                        July 1, 2005 Friday 8:16 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE COMMENTS ON RESIGNATION ANNOUNCEMENT OF JUSTICE O'CONNOR

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 120  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Arizona Rep.

Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today issued the
following statement regarding the resignation announcement of Justice Sandra Day
O'Connor:

"Sandra Day O'Connor is another great Arizona maverick," said Flake.

"Much to the consternation of many, Justice O'Connor had an independent streak
that we Arizonans have come to expect from our political leaders. Her respect
for the principle of federalism was a decisive feature of her service on the
Court."

"As Justice O'Connor comes back to Arizona for the next chapter of her life, the
Supreme Court's loss is Arizona's gain."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 17, 2005 Friday 5:54 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS AMENDMENT TO U.N. REFORM BILL THAT HOLDS OIL FOR FOOD
WRONGDOERS ACCOUNTABLE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 182  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today offered an amendment to the UN Reform Bill of 2005 to ensure
that those guilty of wrongdoing in the Oil for Food scandal are held
accountable.

The amendment was approved by the House of Representatives by a vote of 366-38.

The amendment requires that the UN turn over documentary evidence to Member
states investigating the Oil for Food scandal. It also requires that the UN
waive immunity for any UN employee charged in the U.S. with a crime associated
with the Oil for Food program.

Congressman Flake's amendment is based on legislation that he first introduced
during the last Congress. H.R. 1092 has 70 bipartisan cosponsors.

"In order for the UN to regain credibility, it is essential that independent
investigations be held and those who abused the Oil for Food program be held
accountable," said Flake. "Until these steps are taken, the UN's effectiveness
will be severely limited."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       June 17, 2005 Friday 5:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON CONGRESS TO DELAY IMPLEMENTATION OF NEW MEDICARE DRUG
ENTITLEMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today urged
Congress to take up legislation to delay implementation of the new prescription
drug entitlement in Medicare.

Congressman Flake has authored legislation (H.R. 1382) that would postpone
implementation of the prescription drug benefit for one year while Congress
debates measures to control its cost. The concept has the support of the
Heritage Foundation, the CATO Institute, the National Taxpayers Union, and the
Concord Coalition.

"The cost estimates of this new prescription drug entitlement have already
ballooned out of control," said Flake. "Delaying the implementation of this new
entitlement will give Congress a chance to study ways to control the cost."

"Much of the support for this new entitlement owed to the belief that it would
make for good politics. However, as the cost of this entitlement skyrockets
beyond what we can sustain, we're quickly finding that bad policy makes for bad
politics."

Congressman Flake was one of nineteen Republicans to vote against adding the
prescription drug benefit to Medicare in 2003.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 15, 2005 Wednesday 5:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: CONGRESSIONAL REPORT ON U.N. ADDS URGENCY TO U.N. REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the International Relations Committee,
today said that a congressional report calling for reforms at the United Nations
(UN) adds urgency to a bill scheduled to be considered by the House of
Representatives tomorrow.

The UN Reform Act of 2005, introduced by International Relations Chairman Henry
Hyde, conditions a portion of U.S. funding to the UN on a number of reforms.
Congressman Flake introduced similar legislation last Congress and worked with
Chairman Hyde to craft the UN Reform Act.

A congressional report released this morning said that the UN's lack of
appropriate managerial oversight and accountability had created poor staff
morale and hampered the organization's effectiveness.

"This congressional report states the obvious: in order to regain credibility,
the UN must reform itself," said Flake. "Unfortunately, the UN's reluctance to
reform itself has been just as obvious."

"It's clear that the only way to ensure reforms at the UN is to threaten to
withhold a portion of our funding until confidence in the body has been
restored."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 15, 2005 Wednesday 5:46 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 90  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for city pool renovation and
construction in Banning, California.

"When we fund pork projects like this, it's no wonder that taxpayers think
Congress has gone off the deep end," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 15, 2005 Wednesday 5:43 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE OFFERS 'TOOTHPASTE AND TOILET PAPER' CUBA AMENDMENT TO
SCIENCE-STATE-JUSTICE-COMMERCE APPROPRIATIONS BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 134  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today offered an amendment to the Science-State-Justice-Commerce
appropriations bill that will prevent enforcement of federal regulations that
prevent Americans from sending humanitarian items like personal hygiene products
and clothing to Cubans. The amendment was defeated 216-210.

"Cubans have it rough enough living under Castro's brutal regime," said Flake.
"Denying them basic products like toothpaste and toilet paper was not our finest
hour."

"How do toothpaste and toilet paper prop up Castro? All these regulations do is
make life even more desperate for Cubans who have to live under that regime."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      June 8, 2005 Wednesday 5:40 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 92  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $50,000 for workforce development at Fashion
Business, Inc. in Los Angeles, California.

"Earmarks like this make me wonder when it went out of fashion for we
Republicans to be fiscally responsible," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 26, 2005 Thursday 5:38 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: SENS. CORNYN, KYL PROPOSAL SHOWS MOMENTUM FOR IMMIGRATION REFORM IS
GROWING

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Immigration and Border Security
Subcommittee, today welcomed the Cornyn-Kyl proposal to the immigration reform
debate.

"Senators Cornyn and Kyl have presented a serious proposal, and I share their
view that enforcement must be a critical component of any immigration reform
proposal," said Flake.

"I welcome their proposal to the immigration reform debate and believe that it
shows that the momentum for congressional action this year is growing."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      May 25, 2005 Wednesday 7:04 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US States News

LENGTH: 94  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $99,000 to train students in the motorsports
industry at Patrick Henry Community College.

"If we Republicans continue funding earmarks like this, it will be Democrats who
take the checkered flag next November," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 24, 2005 Tuesday 7:08 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE: ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT DEATHS IN DESERT ADD URGENCY TO IMMIGRATION DEBATE

BYLINE: US States News

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today said
the deaths of 12 illegal immigrants over the weekend in the Arizona desert add
urgency to the debate on comprehensive immigration reform.

"With summer approaching, more deaths are sure to occur," said Flake. "For
national security purposes, immigration reform can't wait, but these deaths add
even more urgency to the debate. Congress needs to act now."

Congressman Flake, along with Congressmen Jim Kolbe and Luis Gutierrez and
Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy, has introduced legislation that will
create a temporary worker program. The Secure America and Orderly Immigration
Act (H.R. 2330) will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and
prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 12, 2005 Thursday 4:16 AM  EST

MEMBERS OF CONGRESS INTRODUCE COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US States News

LENGTH: 674  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Sens. McCain and Kennedy joined by Reps. Kolbe, Flake and Gutierrez today
introduced The Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act of 2005. The
legislation follows months of thoughtful debate and negotiation, which has
resulted in bipartisan, bicameral, comprehensive immigration reform.

"The status quo is unacceptable, and we need to modernize our broken immigration
system to meet the challenges of the 21st Century. And we need policies that
continue to reflect our best values as a nation - of fairness, equal
opportunity, and respect for the law. One of the mistakes of the past is to
assume we can control illegal immigration on our own. A realistic immigration
policy must be a two-way street. Under our plan, America will do its part, but
we expect Mexico and other nations to do their part, too, to replace an illegal
immigration flow with regulated, legal immigration," said Kennedy.

McCain said, "Homeland security is our nation's number one priority, this
legislation includes a number of provisions that together will make our nation
more secure. For far too long, our nation's broken immigration laws have gone
unreformed - leaving Americans vulnerable. We can no longer afford to delay
reform. I am proud to join my colleagues today as an original Sponsor of this
legislation"

"This is a comprehensive bill that doesn't try to solve the hemorrhaging
immigration problem with a ban-aid - this bill is major surgery. The majority of
the illegal immigration is happening in Arizona, and I will not stand by and let
southern Arizona be the doormat for this country's failed immigration policy,"
said Rep. Kolbe. "They are illegal immigrants - they have broken the law and
must be punished. That is why this legislation includes strict fines and
penalties for those already in this country illegally and tough punishments for
employers who hire illegal immigrants. More importantly, it provides the secure
identification document so an employer can know the person seeking work is here
legally. We must recognize reality and implement a tightly structured guest
worker program to securely, and legally, fill jobs that no American is available
or wants to do. Over the past several years, border security has been a
necessity for all members of Congress, but it has been a top priority for only a
few. Today, I am proud to continue my work as one of those few. I will work hard
with Senator McCain, Senator Kennedy, Rep. Flake and Rep. Gutierrez to educate
Congress and the public about the need for practical reform. We are at an
important threshold - we can either work hard to secure our borders through
commonsense reform of our immigration system, or hang-on to unrealistic ideals
that will never improve the safety of our country."

"We need a plan that fairly balances national security, economic reality, and
worker protections, and I think our bill comes pretty darn close," said Flake.
"I believe that this bill is very consistent with President Bush's principles of
immigration reform and, given that the President has made immigration reform a
priority of his second term, I hope that our colleagues in Congress will give
this bill the consideration that it deserves."

"This bill represents a vital step toward an immigration policy that makes
sense," Gutierrez said. "It reflects the enormous contributions immigrants make
every day, it respects our nation's proud history of welcoming men and women to
seek a better life and it better protects our homeland by creating a system of
improved accountability and security."

If enacted, this legislation will help America meet 21st century challenges by
replacing current outdated immigration laws with reforms that will make
immigration policies more realistic and enforceable. The bill will help get
control of our borders, strengthen our national security, create an even playing
field for employers and ensure full labor rights for all our workers.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 10, 2005 Tuesday 4:20 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE URGES SENATORS TO REJECT ATTEMPT TO ADD MORE MONEY TO TRANSPORTATION
BILL

BYLINE: US States News

LENGTH: 171  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today urged
the Senate to reject an attempt to add more money to the transportation bill.

Senators Grassley and Baucus are expected to offer an amendment that would add
$11.2 billion to the bill's price tag, despite a threat from President Bush to
veto the bill if it exceeds $284 billion.

"Because the Senate can't fit all of its pork into a $284 billion bill, they're
trying to bloat it even more," said Flake.

"I think taxpayers would be well-served if President Bush were to veto the House
version of the bill and send lawmakers back to the drawing board, but a veto on
a bill over $284 billion ought to be a no-brainer."

Congressman Flake favors an approach to transportation issues that would greatly
reduce the federal gas tax and return discretionary authority and fiscal
responsibility for transportation programs to the states.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 5, 2005 Thursday 2:22 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $250,000 for a day care center in Sioux Falls,
South Dakota.

"South Dakota gets a day care center, but it's congressional appropriators that
need a 'time-out,'" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       May 5, 2005 Thursday 2:18 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE LAUDS PASSAGE OF MEASURE TO ENHANCE SECURITY OF STATE-ISSUED
IDENTIFICATION CARDS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today lauded
passage of legislation that will enhance national security by creating national
standards for state-issued identification cards.

"State-issued driver's licenses have become de facto national ID cards, and to
the extent that they're used as a form of federal identification, the federal
government has a responsibility to ensure that these cards are secure," said
Flake.

"These reforms are practical changes that many states already have in place.
However, even a few states with lax standards can jeopardize the security of the
entire country."

Congressman Flake offered legislation last Congress that would have required
that state-issued identification cards meet certain standards in order to be
recognized by the federal government. He also introduced legislation that would
have required that states issue identification cards that expire on or before
the expiration date of a foreign national's visa.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 30, 2005 Saturday 7:47 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ANNOUNCES CREATION OF PATRIOT ACT REFORM CAUCUS

BYLINE: US States News

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, today
announced the creation of the PATRIOT Act Reform Caucus.

The caucus will work to support initiatives that protect the safety and security
of the nation, while ensuring that the laws passed by Congress to fight the war
on terrorism do not violate our constitutional civil liberties or diminish our
system of checks and balances. The caucus is chaired by Congressman Flake
(R-AZ), Congressman Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Congressman Ron Paul (R-TX), and
Congressman Jerry Nadler (D-NY).

"The PATRIOT Act is an incredibly powerful tool in our government's ability to
fight terrorism, and it's important that the federal government use that power
responsibly," said Flake.

Congressman Flake worked with other members of the House Judiciary Committee in
2001 to add sunset provisions to many of the controversial portions of the
PATRIOT Act, forcing law enforcement officials to use the new power prudently
and giving Congress a chance to monitor the law's use.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 29, 2005 Friday 12:44 AM  EST

Member's Bio: Rep. FLAKE, Jeff, R-Ariz. (6th CD)

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), has posted the following biography on the
members' Web site:

Jeff Flake, presently serving his second term in Congress, represents the Sixth
Congressional District of Arizona. This district includes parts of Mesa and
Chandler and all of Gilbert, Queen Creek, and Apache Junction. Jeff serves on
three committees in the House of Representatives: the Committee on the
Judiciary, including the Commercial and Administrative Law subcommittee and the
Immigration, Claims, and Border Security subcommittee; the Committee on
International Relations, including the Asia and the Pacific subcommittee and the
Africa subcommittee; and the Committee on Resources, including the Forest and
Forest Health Subcommittee.

Since taking office, Jeff has been active on a number of issues. One of his top
priorities has been tax relief. Consequently, several of his first pieces of
legislation were efforts to maximize President Bush's tax relief package in
2001. His next challenge will be working to decrease taxes on dividends and
capital gains in order to spur investment and fuel economic growth.

Just as he did in Arizona, Jeff has continued in Washington to work for local
control, choice, and competition in education. His very first piece of
legislation introduced in the House of Representatives was designed to ensure
that the federal government does not discriminate against innovative educational
programs like those at the Thomas J. Pappas School for the Homeless in Phoenix.
Jeff also introduced legislation to give states more freedom to replace failed
bilingual education programs with innovative alternatives. Both of these
important measures were adopted as part of President Bush's education plan and
are now law.

Jeff has also been one of Congress's most outspoken advocates of free trade. In
fact, a report conducted by the Cato Institute found that no other Member of the
House of Representatives voted more consistently against trade barriers and
trade subsidies than Jeff.

Through his position on the Judiciary and International Relations Committees,
Jeff has been working to find solutions to Arizona's ongoing problems with
illegal immigration. Jeff has been one of the House's most outspoken advocates
of a temporary worker program and will work during his second term to establish
such a program.

Jeff has also introduced commonsense legislation to reduce the threat of
devastating wildfires, such as the Rodeo-Chediski fire that burned 469,000 acres
in the White Mountains.

Jeff is a fifth-generation Arizonan, born and raised on a ranch in Snowflake,
Arizona (the town was named, in part, after Jeff's great-great grandfather).
After serving a Mormon mission in southern Africa, Jeff graduated from Brigham
Young University, where he received a B.A. in International Relations and an
M.A. in Political Science. More importantly, it was at BYU that Jeff met his
wife, Cheryl.

In 1987, Jeff started his career at a public affairs firm in Washington, D.C.
Soon thereafter, Jeff moved to the southern African nation of Namibia. As the
Executive Director of the Foundation for Democracy, a foundation monitoring
Namibia's independence process, he saw the nation usher in freedom and
democracy.

In 1992, Jeff and his family moved back to Arizona where he was named Executive
Director of the Goldwater Institute. In this role, Jeff worked to promote a
conservative philosophy of less government, more freedom, and individual
responsibility.

Jeff and Cheryl have been married 17 years and live in Mesa with their five
children.

This bio was available on the Member's Web site on April 29.

For news releases and other information about this member of Congress, please
see House members section on this web site.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     April 27, 2005 Wednesday 4:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 85  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $75,000 for the Greater Syracuse Sports Hall of
Fame.

"This earmark might make the Orangemen of Syracuse happy, but it should make
taxpayers red in the face," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 14, 2005 Thursday 5:53 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES LEGISLATION AIMED AT ELIMINATING WASTEFUL PORK PROJECTS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
introduced legislation that aims to reduce pork barrel spending.

The bill will require that earmarks, often pork projects, be included in the
actual text of spending bills, rather than the committee or conference reports
that accompany bills. This would give Members of Congress an opportunity when
bills come to the House floor to eliminate projects that are wasteful or
unnecessary.

"The reason that even the most wasteful and indefensible pork projects end up
getting funded is that they are tucked away in the reports that accompany bills,
rather than the actual text of the bill," said Flake. "Many times, we don't even
find out about these pork projects until weeks after the bill is passed."

"I think we'd see a lot of pork projects disappear from spending bills if
Members were faced with the prospect of having to defend the merits of their
projects on the House floor."

Senator John McCain of Arizona will be introducing companion legislation in the
U.S. Senate.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 14, 2005 Thursday 5:50 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SAYS OIL FOR FOOD INDICTMENTS ARE JUST TIP OF THE ICEBERG

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 159  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee's Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, today said that
today's indictments in the United Nations (UN) Oil for Food scandal were just
the beginning and that a thorough investigation is needed to expose the
widespread abuses.

Congressman Flake has introduced legislation (H.R. 1092) that will condition a
portion of the U.S.'s funding to the UN on their cooperation in a fair and
thorough investigation of the abuses in the Oil for Food program.

"Initial reports from Paul Volcker indicate how pervasive the abuses in this
program were," said Flake. "However, given the UN's reluctance to fully
cooperate on this, I believe that legislative action is needed to ensure that
all the facts come to light and that every guilty party is held accountable."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                       April 11, 2005 Monday 1:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE ISSUES STATEMENT ON VOTE AGAINST FINANCIAL LITERACY MONTH

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 120  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following statement:

Arizona Rep.

Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today released the
following statement regarding his vote against House Resolution 148, which
supports the goals and ideals of Financial Literacy Month.

"Given Congress' appetite for pork barrel spending and penchant for deficits,
we're in no position to lecture anybody on financial literacy," said Flake.
"Perhaps we should have included a provision in the bill requiring Congress to
practice what it preaches."

Congressman Flake was one of two Members of the House of Representatives to vote
against House Resolution 148, which passed 409 to 2.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 6, 2005 Wednesday 5:51 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 85  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $200,000 for the Brookings Harbor Seafood
Processing Plant in Oregon.

"It's ironic that taxpayers have to shell out 200,000 clams for an earmark like
this," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      April 6, 2005 Wednesday 5:48 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO BUSH URGING HIM TO OPPOSE EARMARKS IN HOMELAND
SECURITY SPENDING BILLS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today sent a
letter to President Bush urging him to oppose the addition of earmarks in the
homeland security spending bill.

Since Congress begun funding the Department of Homeland Security through a
separate spending bill, earmarks have been excluded.

"If Congress begins to earmark homeland security funding, we would not only open
the door for wasteful and unnecessary spending, but we would essentially rob the
Department of Homeland Security of the flexibility that they need to effectively
combat terrorism," said Flake.

"Earmarking homeland security funding is not only a threat to fiscal security,
but it could be a real threat to national security as well."

A copy of the letter is attached.

April 6, 2005

President George W. Bush

The White House

1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW

Washington, DC 20502

Dear Mr. President:

I am contacting you regarding my concerns about the proposed lifting of the
existing ban on earmarks in the bill making appropriations for the Department of
Homeland Security, and the impact this would have on national security.

An article in this morning's Congress Daily suggested that House and Senate
Homeland Security appropriators may try and lift the ban on earmarks in the
Homeland Security spending bill that has been in effect for the past two years.
I believe such a move would break with your long-standing position that the
Department of Homeland Security must have the flexibility to direct funding
based on where the Department's analysts believe it is needed most, as opposed
to where Congress wishes to spend it. If Congress goes down the road of turning
the Homeland Security spending bill into a vehicle for "pork," as has happened
with the other spending bills, it is certain that Congress will divert vital
funds away from key domestic sectors that need protection. In the last two
years, despite a ban on earmarks in the Homeland Security spending bill, the
House and Senate appropriators on that subcommittee received a combined 3,100
requests for earmarks. Clearly, the number of requests will dramatically
proliferate if the ban on earmarks in this bill is lifted.

For the reasons stated above, I urge you to publicly oppose any attempts to lift
the ban on earmarks in the Homeland Security spending bill. Your favorable
consideration of this request would be greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

JEFF FLAKE

Member of Congress

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 17, 2005 Thursday 7:17 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE GETS HIGHEST SCORE IN CONGRESS FROM NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 124  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
received the highest score from the National Taxpayers Union (NTU) on their
annual scorecard rating of Members of Congress on fiscal policy beneficial to
taxpayers.

The NTU compiles the score by reviewing every congressional vote that affects
tax, debt, spending, and regulatory issues.

For the second year in a row, Congressman Flake received the highest score in
Congress.

"It's nice to have others recognize what my wife has known for years - that I'm
a cheapskate," said Flake. More information on NTU's scorecard can be found at
http://www.ntu.org.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                      March 2, 2005 Wednesday 1:25 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today highlighted
another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill that
Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $160,000 for seafood waste in Alaska.

"I don't want to sound like a crab, but should taxpayers really be paying for
projects like this?" said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 17, 2005 Thursday 4:29 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SUPPORTS CLASS ACTION FAIRNESS ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 108  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, today voted
in favor of the Class Action Fairness Act.

The bill will reform the class action system by unclogging over-used courts,
stopping the practice of forum shopping, and creating a class action bill of
rights.

"It's clear that a federal solution is needed to curb class action lawsuit
abuse," said Flake. "When you have situations where lawyers are gaming the
system by judge-shopping from state to state, the federal government has a
responsibility to act."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                   February 16, 2005 Wednesday 11:23 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 91  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed for fiscal year 2005.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for Fishing Rationalization Research in
Alaska.

"Is Congress serious about reducing spending, or is it going to continue to fund
earmarks like this?" said Flake. "It's time to fish or cut bait."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 15, 2005 Tuesday 11:18 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SENDS LETTER TO PRESIDENT PRAISING PERSONNEL SYSTEM AT HOMELAND
SECURITY DEPARTMENT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today sent a
letter to President Bush praising the personnel system implemented at the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and urging the White House to expand the
system to other federal agencies.

The personnel system at DHS now uses a merit-based system for pay and
promotions, rather than the civil service system used by other federal agencies
that uses seniority and longevity to award employees.

"If we want our government to operate most efficiently and effectively, we would
be wise to expand the Department of Homeland Security's merit-based personnel
system to other federal agencies," said Flake.

Congressman Flake's letter was signed by sixteen other Members of Congress. A
copy of the letter is attached.

February 15, 2005

President George W. Bush

The White House

1600 Pennsylvania Avenue

Washington, D.C. 20502

Dear President Bush,

We are writing to express our support for the new personnel system at the
Department of Homeland Security, as well as any future effort to expand this
system to other federal agencies.

As you are well aware, the General Schedule civil service system based on
longevity is 50 years old, and has become outdated in today's modern workforce.
The workforce has changed, and the way that workers are compensated and rewarded
must be changed as well.

We believe a merit-based pay and promotion system using annual employee
performance evaluations will increase employee morale and productivity. This
type of pay and promotion system will allow the Department to attract the best
and the brightest that this country has to offer. Correspondingly, we believe
that other federal agencies would be at a disadvantage if they were not given a
similar option to adopt such changes to their personnel systems.

We firmly believe the federal government will run more efficiently, and
employees will be treated more fairly, if these reforms are enacted. The time
has come to promote a personnel system that mirrors the market and requires
management and employees to work together to achieve the same goals.

Thank you for your leadership on this important step towards civil service
reform. We urge you to apply these reforms uniformly across the federal sector.

Sincerely,

Rep. Jeff Flake

Rep. Todd Akin

Rep. Gresham Barrett

Rep. Roscoe Bartlett

Rep. Marsha Blackburn

Rep. John Boozman

Rep. Kevin Brady

Rep. Dan Burton

Rep. Chris Chocola

Rep. Scott Garrett

Rep. Gil Gutknecht

Rep. John Kline

Rep. Jeff Miller

Rep. Sue Myrick

Rep. Darrel Issa

Rep. Patrick McHenry

Rep. Charlie Norwood.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 14, 2005 Monday 11:13 PM  EST

CONGRESS FUNDED $150,000 FOR GRAMMY FOUNDATION

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
blasted an earmark contained in the omnibus appropriations bill for fiscal year
2005, which Congress passed late last year.

The $150,000 earmark is for the GRAMMY Foundation, the music appreciation wing
of the Recording Academy which distributes the yearly GRAMMY Awards.

"A song by the name of 'Here We Go Again' won the GRAMMY for Record of Year last
night," said Flake. "After finding out today that Congress kicked in $150,000 to
the GRAMMY Foundation, I'm thinking the same thing. Congress simply cannot
control its appetite to spend taxpayer money."

"I love music and I've got nothing against music appreciation, but why should
taxpayers fund an organization comprised of millionaire singers, producers, and
executives?"

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 9, 2005 Wednesday 11:07 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES SECURITY MEASURES IN REAL ID ACT

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, today
praised the REAL ID Act, which among other things would prevent illegal
immigrants from obtaining driver's licenses, require states to issue driver's
licenses to foreign nationals that expire no later than their visas expire, and
expedite the completion of a fence on the California-Mexico border.

"This has been played up as some kind of debate on immigration, but the truth is
that this bill is about security," said Flake. "I'm a strong supporter of
President Bush's effort to implement a comprehensive temporary worker plan, and
these are needed security measures."

"Most of the provisions of the bill are commonsense reforms, many recommended by
the 9/11 Commission, that enhance homeland security."

The provision that requires states to issue driver's licenses to foreign
nationals that expire on or before the expiration date of their visas largely
mirrors legislation first introduced by Congressman Flake in 2002.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 9, 2005 Wednesday 11:05 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 105  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed late last year.

This week's egregious earmark: $1.5 million for a demonstration project to
transport naturally chilled water from Lake Ontario to Lake Onondaga.

"I hate to throw cold water on Congress' spending spree, but if we continue to
spend taxpayer money on earmarks like this, we're really going to water down our
majority," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 9, 2005 Wednesday 11:03 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SAYS CONGRESSIONAL ACTION NEEDED IN OIL FOR FOOD PROBE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today called on Congress to act on United Nations (UN) reform to hold
the body accountable for a thorough investigation of the Oil for Food
investigation.

The House International Relations Committee's newly formed Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing this afternoon examining Paul
Volcker's interim report on the Oil for Food scandal. Congressman Flake serves
as the subcommittee's vice-chairman.

"The Volcker Report makes it clear that abuse of the Oil for Food program was
rife, and the UN's reluctance to be forthcoming is troubling," said Flake.

"The UN has had more than enough time to prove their willingness to cooperate,
yet they have chosen not to. I believe it's time for Congress to take action and
force the UN to cooperate."

Congressman Flake introduced legislation (H.R. 4284) last year that would
condition a portion of the U.S.'s funding to the UN on their cooperation in a
fair and thorough investigation of the abuses in the Oil-for-Food program.
Congressman Flake will reintroduce the bill shortly.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 7, 2005 Monday 11:56 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE RETAINS SEAT ON FORESTS, FOREST HEALTH SUBCOMMITTEE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House Resources Committee, will retain
his seat on the committee's Forests and Forest Health Subcommittee.

The subcommittee will be instrumental as Arizona and other Western states brace
for another potentially ravaging fire season.

Additionally, Congressman Flake was elected Vice-Chairman of the Western Caucus,
a group of sixty Members of Congress dedicated to improving the quality of life
in rural areas through policies that promote limited government, individual
liberty, and economic opportunity.

"As Arizonans know, the risk of more catastrophic wildfires is still there,"
said Flake. "As the Forests and Forest Health Subcommittee continues to address
the threat of catastrophic wildfires in the West, it's imperative that Arizona
be fully represented."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 7, 2005 Monday 11:54 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE PRAISES BUSH BUDGET FOR DECREASE IN DOMESTIC SPENDING

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 162  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
praised President Bush for submitting a budget proposal that reduces domestic
spending for fiscal year 2006.

"Given the way that spending has grown over the past several years, this is a
modest, but welcome, reduction," said Flake. "However, I'm skeptical that
appropriators in Congress share President Bush's commitment to fiscal
responsibility, so I hope he's prepared to break out his veto pen when
appropriations season rolls around."

"Congress also needs to avoid the budget gimmickry that we've proven to be so
adept at in the past."

Congressman Flake is an outspoken critic of congressional spending. He has
proposed a moratorium in earmarks, the spending items (usually in Members' home
districts) slipped into appropriations bills without appropriate congressional
oversight.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 3, 2005 Thursday 11:38 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE INTRODUCES SOCIAL SECURITY REFORM BILL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, introduced
legislation yesterday with Rep.

Sam Johnson of Texas that will make Social Security solvent by allowing
individuals the option of diverting a portion of their Social Security taxes
into a personal savings account.

The Individual Social Security Investment Program Act (H.R. 530) guarantees
benefits for current retirees or those nearing retirement, while giving
individuals over the age of 22 the option of diverting their share of the
payroll tax (6.2 percent) into a personal savings account.

"In order to preserve Social Security for future retirees, reform is needed,"
said Flake. "However, it's important that reform not come at the expense of
current retirees who have spent their lives paying into the system."

"Personal savings accounts give younger workers command of their own retirement,
while guaranteeing that benefits for current retirees are not affected."

More detailed information on H.R. 530 can be found at
http://www.house.gov050203socialsecurityinfo.html.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 3, 2005 Thursday 11:35 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE SAYS VOLCKER REPORT SHOWS NEED FOR CONGRESSIONAL ACTION ON OIL FOR
FOOD SCANDAL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, a member of the House International Relations
Committee, today stated that findings included in Paul Volcker's initial report
on the United Nations (UN) Oil for Food scandal show that congressional action
is needed to complete a thorough investigation and hold wrong-doers accountable.

"The UN has fought this investigation every step of the way," said Flake. "It's
clear that congressional action is needed to ensure that we get a thorough
investigation and those that profited by gaming the program are held
accountable."

Congressman Flake introduced legislation (H.R. 4284) last year that would
condition a portion of the U.S.'s funding to the UN on their cooperation in a
fair and thorough investigation of the abuses in the Oil-for-Food program.
Congressman Flake will be reintroducing the bill shortly, and Senator John
Ensign of Nevada will introduce companion legislation in the Senate.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     February 3, 2005 Thursday 2:05 AM  EST

INDIVIDUAL SOCIAL SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM ACT OF 2005

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 936  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Individual Social Security Investment Program Act of 2005

1. Workers born on or after January 1, 1951 would be allowed to divert their
half of the payroll tax (6.2 percentage points of Social Security wages) to
individually owned, privately invested accounts. Those who choose to do so would
agree to forgo all future retirement benefits under the traditional Social
Security system (except survivor's and disability benefits), and instead receive
a Recognition Bond (see # 3 below). Workers born after 1983 would be required to
enter the private account system.

2. The worker's 6.2% of salary would initially be deposited into a collective
account (Tier I), that is then annually directed to each person's individual
account (Tier II). The personal, Tier II accounts could be invested in a limited
range of privately managed mutual funds under the terms established by a newly
created Social Security Board. After a worker's Tier II account reaches a
threshold value of $10,000, he could move money to a Tier III account offering a
wide range of funds. Qualifications for Tier III investment options and fund
managers would also be determined by the Social Security Board.

3. Workers who choose the individual account option would receive a Recognition
Bond based on the pro-rata percentage of future benefits they have earned as of
the date on which they opt into the reformed system. Those bonds, redeemable at
the worker's 67th birthday, would be fully tradable in secondary markets prior
to their redemption date. If a worker chooses to sell his Recognition Bond, then
all proceeds would have to be deposited in the worker's individual account.

4. A worker who chooses private accounts must purchase for his retirement, an
inflation-adjusted annuity at least equal to 100% of the poverty level. A
Federal government guarantee will insure that the combination of the Recognition
Bond and accumulated savings in his personal investment account are sufficient
to purchase this annuity.

5. If, at anytime, a worker has accumulated enough savings in his personal
account to purchase a retirement annuity that is greater than or equal to 100%
of the poverty level, he may do so. After such an annuity is purchased, the
worker's annual deposits into Tier I could be rebated rather than being
deposited in Tier II or III, making further participation in the personal
account system voluntary.

6. The employer's share of payroll tax (6.2%) would be used to pay transition
costs and to fund disability and survivor benefits.

7. Those who wish to remain in the traditional Social Security system would be
free to do so. However, beginning in 2013, the formula used to calculate the
initial benefit level (only for those people who begin to collect benefits after
2013) would gradually be adjusted to index those future benefits to price
inflation rather than national wage growth. This transition would occur
incrementally over a 30-year period.

Frequently Asked Questions

Who would be affected by the reformed system?

* People already retired, or near retirement, do not see any change in benefits.
(55 and over).

* Workers between the ages of 22 and 55 have the option of joining the personal
account system.

* People younger than 22 must join the system.

How do people get benefits that they have already accrued, before joining the
personal accounts system?

* A Recognition Bond is issued to cover benefits that have already been accrued.

The bond matures and becomes redeemable on the 67th birthday.

The bond is tradable on the market. If sold, proceeds go into personal account.

This is an asset that you own.

If someone selects the personal accounts option, how does it work?

* Employee's share of the payroll tax (6.2%) goes into personal account.

* During the year, all participants' contributions go collectively into a broad
diversification fund, called Tier 1.

* Annually, funds are deposited from Tier I into each person's individual
account, known as Tier 2.

Tier 2: Limited range of mutual funds.

* Once the balance in Tier II exceeds $10,000, people can move money into Tier
3.

Tier 3: Wide range of funds.

* The employer's share of payroll tax (6.2%) is used to pay for transition costs
and fund survivor and disability benefits.

How will the system ensure that people will have enough money for their
retirement?

* Participants in the personal accounts program must purchase an
inflation-adjusted annuity that is at least equal to 100% of the poverty level
for their retirement.

* Once the annuity is purchased, they have 2 options:

Option 1: Annual deposits into Tier I can continue to be directed to Tier II and
III, further growing the account.

Option 2: The worker may decide to discontinue, and their deposits into Tier I
will be rebated.

* A federal guarantee ensures that the sum of the Recognition Bond + accumulated
savings in account will be enough to at least purchase this annuity.

If someone declines the personal accounts option, how does it work?

* Those who wish to remain in the traditional Social Security system would be
free to do so.

* However, beginning in 2012, the formula used to calculate the initial benefit
level would gradually be adjusted to index those future benefits to price
inflation rather than national wage growth. This transition would occur
incrementally over a 30-year period.

* This recalculation to price inflation would slow down the rate of growth of
benefits. In other words, benefits would still grow each year, just not as fast.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 2, 2005 Wednesday 11:40 PM  EST

REP. FLAKE APPLAUDS BUSH FOR LAYING OUT VISION ON SOCIAL SECURITY REFORM

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
applauded President Bush for addressing Social Security reform and immigration
reform in his State of the Union address.

"It takes a lot of courage for the any politician to touch the so-called 'third
rail of politics,'" said Flake. "By laying out a vision for Social Security
reform that guarantees benefits for current retirees and creates personal
savings accounts for younger workers, President Bush has shown that he's more
concerned about preserving and improving the program than he is about partisan
political fallout."

Congressman Flake has introduced the Individual Social Security Investment
Program Act, which will make Social Security solvent by allowing individuals the
option of diverting a portion of their Social Security taxes into a personal
savings account while guaranteeing benefits for current retirees and those
nearing retirement.

Congressman Flake also praised the President for reiterating his commitment to
immigration reform.

"President Bush is clearly committed to reforming our country's failed
immigration policy, and I'm hopeful that the push that the President is able to
give to the issue will compel Congress to act."

President Bush outlined a proposal for a temporary worker program last January,
based largely on legislation introduced by Reps. Flake and Jim Kolbe and Senator
John McCain. The plan will enhance national security, meet U.S. labor demands,
and prevent deaths at the border by creating a comprehensive temporary worker
program.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    February 2, 2005 Wednesday 4:10 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 93  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today highlighted
another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill that
Congress recently passed.

This week's egregious earmark: $100,000 for the Trees Forever Program in Iowa.

"If Congress continues to fund earmarks like 'Trees Forever,' I'm afraid we're
going to have deficits forever," said Flake."It's going to be a long time before
we're out of the fiscal woods."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 26, 2005 Wednesday 4:06 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 93  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today highlighted
another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill that
Congress recently passed.

This week's egregious earmark: $150,000 for the Therapeutic Horseback Riding
Program at the Lady B Ranch in California.

"I hate to beat a dead horse, but if Republicans continue to fund earmarks like
this, we may find ourselves riding back into the minority," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 26, 2005 Wednesday 4:00 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE RETAINS SEAT ON IMMIGRATION AND BORDER SECURITY SUBCOMMITTEE

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today retained his
seat on the House Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Immigration, Border
Security, and Claims.

The subcommittee has jurisdiction over immigration reform legislation, and will
be critical in ensuring the passage of President Bush's immigration reform
proposal.

President Bush outlined a proposal for a temporary worker program last January,
based largely on legislation introduced by Reps. Flake and Jim Kolbe and Senator
John McCain. The Border Security and Immigration Improvement Act will enhance
national security, meet U.S. labor demands, and prevent deaths at the border by
creating a comprehensive temporary worker program.

"This country desperately needs a comprehensive temporary worker program," said
Flake. "I hope that the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee begins work
on this issue as soon as possible."

Congressman Flake also secured a seat on the House Judiciary Committee's
Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 25, 2005 Tuesday 3:56 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SAYS BUDGET PROJECTIONS SHOW NEED FOR CUTS IN FEDERAL SPENDING

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today said that the
Congressional Budget Office's projections for this fiscal year give Congress
reason to make cuts in discretionary spending.

"President Bush's tax cuts have stimulated the economy and have raised tax
receipts over last year, but Congress has also increased spending," said Flake.
"In order to lessen the budget gap, Congress must cut spending."

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                    January 19, 2005 Wednesday 1:49 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE SPOTLIGHTS EGREGIOUS EARMARK OF WEEK

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed late last year.

This week's egregious earmark: $70,000 for the Paper Industry International Hall
of Fame in Appleton, Wisconsin.

"Apparently, this earmark is Congress' way of trying to paper over its deficit
spending," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 18, 2005 Tuesday 1:52 AM  EST

REP. FLAKE CALLS ON U.N. TO FULLY COOPERATE WITH OIL FOR FOOD SCANDAL

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
praised the Department of Justice for the first arrest stemming from the United
Nations' Oil for Food scandal.

"The federal government is doing what it can to hold those who gamed the Oil for
Food scandal accountable, and the UN needs follow suit," said Flake.

"Up to this point, the UN has been reluctant to fully cooperate in the Oil for
Food investigation. It's clear that congressional action is needed to coax their
full cooperation."

Congressman Flake also praised Secretary of State Designee Condoleezza Rice's
comments regarding the scandal at her Senate Foreign Relations Committee
confirmation hearing today.

"It's clear that Dr. Rice recognizes that the UN's credibility is at stake,"
said Flake.

"Without a thorough investigation and action to hold wrongdoers accountable, the
UN's ability to carry out its mission will greatly diminish."

Congressman Flake introduced legislation (H.R. 4284) last year that would
condition a portion of the U.S.'s funding to the United Nations on its
cooperation in a thorough investigation in the Oil for Food scandal. He plans to
reintroduce the bill this year.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 13, 2005 Thursday 1:59 AM  EST

$347,000 FOR GRAPEFRUIT JUICE/DRUG INTERACTION RESEARCH IN FLORIDA

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 89  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress recently passed.

This week's egregious earmark: $347,000 for grapefruit juice/drug interaction
research in Florida.

"Just when you think Congress can't squeeze any more money out of taxpayers,
they spent $347,000 for grapefruit juice research," said Flake.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 5, 2005 Wednesday 2:35 AM  EST

$2.3 MILLION FOR ANIMAL WASTE MANAGEMENT RESEARCH LABORATORY IN KENTUCKY

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 91  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
highlighted another pork project contained in the massive omnibus spending bill
that Congress passed late last year.

This week's egregious earmark: $2,300,000 - Animal Waste Management Research
Laboratory in Bowling Green, Kentucky.

"I grew up on a ranch in Arizona where I 'managed' more than my fair share of
animal waste with a shovel, and earmarks like these remind me of those days,"
said Flake.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 602 DOCUMENTS


                                  US Fed News

                     January 5, 2005 Wednesday 2:06 AM  EST

DEFENSE ANALYSTS SAY CONGRESSIONAL PORK AFFECTED BODY ARMOR FOR TROOPS

BYLINE: US Fed News

LENGTH: 148  words

DATELINE: MESA, Ariz.


Rep. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. (6th CD), issued the following press release:

Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake, who represents the state's Sixth District, today
pointed to comments from defense analysts warning Congress that its pork barrel
spending was putting troops at risk.

Defense analysts, quoted in CongressDaily, claim that defense cuts were made to
offset the nearly $9 billion earmarked by Congress.

"When Congress diverts billions of dollars to their own pet projects, it
requires the Department of Defense to make cuts in other programs, body armor
and Humvee armor included," said Flake.

"Not only is pork barrel spending bad for taxpayers, but it's actually putting
our troops at risk."

Congressman Flake has long advocated a moratorium on earmarks, the spending
items slipped into appropriations bills without appropriate congressional
oversight.

Contact: Matthew Specht, 202/225-2635.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                          Copyright 2005 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
